Genesis 1:4	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:14	And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:
Genesis 1:24	And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.
Genesis 2:3	And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
Genesis 2:13	And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.
Genesis 2:23	And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.
Genesis 3:8	And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.
Genesis 3:18	Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field;
Genesis 4:4	And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:
Genesis 4:14	Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.
Genesis 4:24	If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.
Genesis 5:8	And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
Genesis 5:18	And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch:
Genesis 5:28	And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son:
Genesis 6:6	And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.
Genesis 6:16	A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.
Genesis 7:4	For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.
Genesis 7:14	They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort.
Genesis 7:24	And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days.
Genesis 8:10	And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark;
Genesis 8:20	And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
Genesis 9:8	And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying,
Genesis 9:18	And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
Genesis 9:28	And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.
Genesis 10:9	He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.
Genesis 10:19	And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha.
Genesis 10:29	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan.
Genesis 11:7	Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
Genesis 11:17	And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:27	Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.
Genesis 12:5	And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came.
Genesis 12:15	The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house.
Genesis 13:5	And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.
Genesis 13:15	For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.
Genesis 14:7	And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in Hazezontamar.
Genesis 14:17	And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale.
Genesis 15:3	And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine heir.
Genesis 15:13	And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;
Genesis 16:2	And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai.
Genesis 16:12	And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren.
Genesis 17:6	And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.
Genesis 17:16	And I will bless her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her.
Genesis 17:26	In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.
Genesis 18:9	And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent.
Genesis 18:19	For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.
Genesis 18:29	And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty's sake.
Genesis 19:6	And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door after him,
Genesis 19:16	And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city.
Genesis 19:26	But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.
Genesis 19:36	Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.
Genesis 20:8	Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid.
Genesis 20:18	For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife.
Genesis 21:10	Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this bondwoman and her son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.
Genesis 21:20	And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer.
Genesis 21:30	And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto me, that I have digged this well.
Genesis 22:6	And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together.
Genesis 22:16	And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son:
Genesis 23:2	And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.
Genesis 23:12	And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land.
Genesis 24:2	And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh:
Genesis 24:12	And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham.
Genesis 24:22	And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold;
Genesis 24:32	And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him.
Genesis 24:42	And I came this day unto the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go:
Genesis 24:52	And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth.
Genesis 24:62	And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelt in the south country.
Genesis 25:5	And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.
Genesis 25:15	Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:
Genesis 25:25	And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau.
Genesis 26:1	And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar.
Genesis 26:11	And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.
Genesis 26:21	And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah.
Genesis 26:31	And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
Genesis 27:6	And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying,
Genesis 27:16	And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck:
Genesis 27:26	And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.
Genesis 27:36	And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he hath supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and, behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me?
Genesis 27:46	And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me?
Genesis 28:10	And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran.
Genesis 28:20	And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on,
Genesis 29:8	And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep.
Genesis 29:18	And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter.
Genesis 29:28	And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.
Genesis 30:3	And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her.
Genesis 30:13	And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher.
Genesis 30:23	And she conceived, and bare a son; and said, God hath taken away my reproach:
Genesis 30:33	So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me.
Genesis 30:43	And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses.
Genesis 31:10	And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled.
Genesis 31:20	And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled.
Genesis 31:30	And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods?
Genesis 31:40	Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed from mine eyes.
Genesis 31:50	If thou shalt afflict my daughters, or if thou shalt take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness betwixt me and thee.
Genesis 32:5	And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight.
Genesis 32:15	Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals.
Genesis 32:25	And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.
Genesis 33:3	And he passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother.
Genesis 33:13	And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die.
Genesis 34:3	And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel.
Genesis 34:13	And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister:
Genesis 34:23	Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us.
Genesis 35:2	Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments:
Genesis 35:12	And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land.
Genesis 35:22	And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve:
Genesis 36:3	And Bashemath Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebajoth.
Genesis 36:13	And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:23	And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.
Genesis 36:33	And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:43	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.
Genesis 37:10	And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth?
Genesis 37:20	Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.
Genesis 37:30	And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go?
Genesis 38:4	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan.
Genesis 38:14	And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with a vail, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given unto him to wife.
Genesis 38:24	And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot; and also, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt.
Genesis 39:4	And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand.
Genesis 39:14	That she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice:
Genesis 40:1	And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.
Genesis 40:11	And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand.
Genesis 40:21	And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand:
Genesis 41:8	And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:18	And, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fatfleshed and well favored; and they fed in a meadow:
Genesis 41:28	This is the thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh: What God is about to do he showeth unto Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:38	And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is?
Genesis 41:48	And he gathered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same.
Genesis 42:1	Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said unto his sons, Why do ye look one upon another?
Genesis 42:11	We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies.
Genesis 42:21	And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us.
Genesis 42:31	And we said unto him, We are true men; we are no spies:
Genesis 43:3	And Judah spake unto him, saying, The man did solemnly protest unto us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.
Genesis 43:13	Take also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man:
Genesis 43:23	And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto them.
Genesis 43:33	And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one at another.
Genesis 44:9	With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.
Genesis 44:19	My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother?
Genesis 44:29	And if ye take this also from me, and mischief befall him, ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.
Genesis 45:5	Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life.
Genesis 45:15	Moreover he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him.
Genesis 45:25	And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father,
Genesis 46:7	His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.
Genesis 46:17	And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.
Genesis 46:27	And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were threescore and ten.
Genesis 47:3	And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.
Genesis 47:13	And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.
Genesis 47:23	Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land.
Genesis 48:2	And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed.
Genesis 48:12	And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth.
Genesis 48:22	Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.
Genesis 49:10	The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.
Genesis 49:20	Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties.
Genesis 49:30	In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace.
Genesis 50:7	And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt,
Genesis 50:17	So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him.
Exodus 1:1	Now these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt; every man and his household came with Jacob.
Exodus 1:11	Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses.
Exodus 1:21	And it came to pass, because the midwives feared God, that he made them houses.
Exodus 2:9	And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the women took the child, and nursed it.
Exodus 2:19	And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock.
Exodus 3:4	And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.
Exodus 3:14	And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.
Exodus 4:2	And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.
Exodus 4:12	Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say.
Exodus 4:22	And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel is my son, even my firstborn:
Exodus 5:1	And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness.
Exodus 5:11	Go ye, get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of your work shall be diminished.
Exodus 5:21	And they said unto them, The LORD look upon you, and judge; because ye have made our savor to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, to put a sword in their hand to slay us.
Exodus 6:8	And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD.
Exodus 6:18	And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel: and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years.
Exodus 6:28	And it came to pass on the day when the LORD spake unto Moses in the land of Egypt,
Exodus 7:8	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Exodus 7:18	And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall loathe to drink of the water of the river.
Exodus 8:3	And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs:
Exodus 8:13	And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields.
Exodus 8:23	And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be.
Exodus 9:1	Then the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
Exodus 9:11	And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil was upon the magicians, and upon all the Egyptians.
Exodus 9:21	And he that regarded not the word of the LORD left his servants and his cattle in the field.
Exodus 9:31	And the flax and the barley was smitten: for the barley was in the ear, and the flax was bolled.
Exodus 10:6	And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh.
Exodus 10:16	Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you.
Exodus 10:26	Our cattle also shall go with us; there shall not an hoof be left behind; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD, until we come thither.
Exodus 11:7	But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue, against man or beast: that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel.
Exodus 12:7	And they shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door post of the houses, wherein they shall eat it.
Exodus 12:17	And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever.
Exodus 12:27	That ye shall say, It is the sacrifice of the LORD's passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the people bowed the head and worshipped.
Exodus 12:37	And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children.
Exodus 12:47	All the congregation of Israel shall keep it.
Exodus 13:6	Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, and in the seventh day shall be a feast to the LORD.
Exodus 13:16	And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for frontlets between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt.
Exodus 14:4	And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he shall follow after them; and I will be honored upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host; that the Egyptians may know that I am the LORD. And they did so.
Exodus 14:14	The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace.
Exodus 14:24	And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians,
Exodus 15:3	The LORD is a man of war: the LORD is his name.
Exodus 15:13	Thou in thy mercy hast led forth the people which thou hast redeemed: thou hast guided them in thy strength unto thy holy habitation.
Exodus 15:23	And when they came to Marah, they could not drink of the waters of Marah, for they were bitter: therefore the name of it was called Marah.
Exodus 16:6	And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel, At even, then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the land of Egypt:
Exodus 16:16	This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, Gather of it every man according to his eating, an omer for every man, according to the number of your persons; take ye every man for them which are in his tents.
Exodus 16:26	Six days ye shall gather it; but on the seventh day, which is the sabbath, in it there shall be none.
Exodus 16:36	Now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah.
Exodus 17:10	So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.
Exodus 18:4	And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:
Exodus 18:14	And when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?
Exodus 18:24	So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said.
Exodus 19:7	And Moses came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him.
Exodus 19:17	And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount.
Exodus 20:2	I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
Exodus 20:12	Honor thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Exodus 20:22	And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven.
Exodus 21:6	Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl; and he shall serve him for ever.
Exodus 21:16	And he that stealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:26	And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake.
Exodus 21:36	Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past, and his owner hath not kept him in; he shall surely pay ox for ox; and the dead shall be his own.
Exodus 22:10	If a man deliver unto his neighbor an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:
Exodus 22:20	He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.
Exodus 22:30	Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy sheep: seven days it shall be with his dam; on the eighth day thou shalt give it me.
Exodus 23:9	Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 23:19	The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring into the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.
Exodus 23:29	I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field multiply against thee.
Exodus 24:6	And Moses took half of the blood, and put it in basins; and half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar.
Exodus 24:16	And the glory of the LORD abode upon mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days: and the seventh day he called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud.
Exodus 25:8	And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them.
Exodus 25:18	And thou shalt make two cherubim of gold, of beaten work shalt thou make them, in the two ends of the mercy seat.
Exodus 25:28	And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, that the table may be borne with them.
Exodus 25:38	And the tongs thereof, and the snuffdishes thereof, shall be of pure gold.
Exodus 26:8	The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure.
Exodus 26:18	And thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward.
Exodus 26:28	And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end.
Exodus 27:1	And thou shalt make an altar of shittim wood, five cubits long, and five cubits broad; the altar shall be foursquare: and the height thereof shall be three cubits.
Exodus 27:11	And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long, and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Exodus 27:21	In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail, which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel.
Exodus 28:10	Six of their names on one stone, and the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth.
Exodus 28:20	And the fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their inclosings.
Exodus 28:30	And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.
Exodus 28:40	And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make coats, and thou shalt make for them girdles, and bonnets shalt thou make for them, for glory and for beauty.
Exodus 29:7	Then shalt thou take the anointing oil, and pour it upon his head, and anoint him.
Exodus 29:17	And thou shalt cut the ram in pieces, and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his pieces, and unto his head.
Exodus 29:27	And thou shalt sanctify the breast of the wave offering, and the shoulder of the heave offering, which is waved, and which is heaved up, of the ram of the consecration, even of that which is for Aaron, and of that which is for his sons:
Exodus 29:37	Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and it shall be an altar most holy: whatsoever toucheth the altar shall be holy.
Exodus 30:1	And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon: of shittim wood shalt thou make it.
Exodus 30:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 30:21	So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations.
Exodus 30:31	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations.
Exodus 31:3	And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship,
Exodus 31:13	Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you.
Exodus 32:5	And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD.
Exodus 32:15	And Moses turned, and went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand: the tables were written on both their sides; on the one side and on the other were they written.
Exodus 32:25	And when Moses saw that the people were naked; (for Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their enemies:)
Exodus 32:35	And the LORD plagued the people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made.
Exodus 33:10	And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door.
Exodus 33:20	And he said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live.
Exodus 34:7	Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generation.
Exodus 34:17	Thou shalt make thee no molten gods.
Exodus 34:27	And the LORD said unto Moses, Write thou these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel.
Exodus 35:2	Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day, a sabbath of rest to the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death.
Exodus 35:12	The ark, and the staves thereof, with the mercy seat, and the vail of the covering,
Exodus 35:22	And they came, both men and women, as many as were willing hearted, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and tablets, all jewels of gold: and every man that offered, offered an offering of gold unto the LORD.
Exodus 35:32	And to devise curious works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,
Exodus 36:7	For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it, and too much.
Exodus 36:17	And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain in the coupling, and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second.
Exodus 36:27	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward he made six boards.
Exodus 36:37	And he made an hanging for the tabernacle door of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, of needlework;
Exodus 37:9	And the cherubim spread out their wings on high, and covered with their wings over the mercy seat, with their faces one to another; even to the mercy seatward were the faces of the cherubim.
Exodus 37:19	Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one branch, a knop and a flower; and three bowls made like almonds in another branch, a knop and a flower: so throughout the six branches going out of the candlestick.
Exodus 37:29	And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the work of the apothecary.
Exodus 38:10	Their pillars were twenty, and their brazen sockets twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.
Exodus 38:20	And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round about, were of brass.
Exodus 38:30	And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the brazen altar, and the brazen grate for it, and all the vessels of the altar,
Exodus 39:9	It was foursquare; they made the breastplate double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.
Exodus 39:19	And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward.
Exodus 39:29	And a girdle of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, of needlework; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:39	The brazen altar, and his grate of brass, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot,
Exodus 40:6	And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.
Exodus 40:16	Thus did Moses: according to all that the LORD commanded him, so did he.
Exodus 40:26	And he put the golden altar in the tent of the congregation before the vail:
Exodus 40:36	And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys:
Leviticus 1:8	And the priests, Aaron's sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the fat, in order upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:
Leviticus 2:1	And when any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD, his offering shall be of fine flour; and he shall pour oil upon it, and put frankincense thereon:
Leviticus 2:11	No meat offering, which ye shall bring unto the LORD, shall be made with leaven: for ye shall burn no leaven, nor any honey, in any offering of the LORD made by fire.
Leviticus 3:5	And Aaron's sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt sacrifice, which is upon the wood that is on the fire: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 3:15	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.
Leviticus 4:8	And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,
Leviticus 4:18	And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 4:28	Or if his sin, which he hath sinned, come to his knowledge: then he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a female without blemish, for his sin which he hath sinned.
Leviticus 5:3	Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty.
Leviticus 5:13	And the priest shall make an atonement for him as touching his sin that he hath sinned in one of these, and it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest's, as a meat offering.
Leviticus 6:4	Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty, that he shall restore that which he took violently away, or the thing which he hath deceitfully gotten, or that which was delivered him to keep, or the lost thing which he found,
Leviticus 6:14	And this is the law of the meat offering: the sons of Aaron shall offer it before the LORD, before the altar.
Leviticus 6:24	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 7:4	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul that is above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away:
Leviticus 7:14	And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering unto the LORD, and it shall be the priest's that sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings.
Leviticus 7:24	And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other use: but ye shall in no wise eat of it.
Leviticus 7:34	For the wave breast and the heave shoulder have I taken of the children of Israel from off the sacrifices of their peace offerings, and have given them unto Aaron the priest and unto his sons by a statute for ever from among the children of Israel.
Leviticus 8:6	And Moses brought Aaron and his sons, and washed them with water.
Leviticus 8:16	And he took all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and Moses burned it upon the altar.
Leviticus 8:26	And out of the basket of unleavened bread, that was before the LORD, he took one unleavened cake, and a cake of oiled bread, and one wafer, and put them on the fat, and upon the right shoulder:
Leviticus 8:36	So Aaron and his sons did all things which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.
Leviticus 9:10	But the fat, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver of the sin offering, he burnt upon the altar; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 9:20	And they put the fat upon the breasts, and he burnt the fat upon the altar:
Leviticus 10:6	And Moses said unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons, Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest ye die, and lest wrath come upon all the people: but let your brethren, the whole house of Israel, bewail the burning which the LORD hath kindled.
Leviticus 10:16	And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, the sons of Aaron which were left alive, saying,
Leviticus 11:6	And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.
Leviticus 11:16	And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckoo, and the hawk after his kind,
Leviticus 11:26	The carcasses of every beast which divideth the hoof, and is not cloven-footed, nor cheweth the cud, are unclean unto you: every one that toucheth them shall be unclean.
Leviticus 11:36	Nevertheless a fountain or pit, wherein there is plenty of water, shall be clean: but that which toucheth their carcass shall be unclean.
Leviticus 11:46	This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living creature that moveth in the waters, and of every creature that creepeth upon the earth:
Leviticus 13:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 13:11	It is an old leprosy in the skin of his flesh, and the priest shall pronounce him unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean.
Leviticus 13:21	But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hairs therein, and if it be not lower than the skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:
Leviticus 13:31	And if the priest look on the plague of the scall, and, behold, it be not in sight deeper than the skin, and that there is no black hair in it; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague of the scall seven days:
Leviticus 13:41	And he that hath his hair fallen off from the part of his head toward his face, he is forehead bald: yet is he clean.
Leviticus 13:51	And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day: if the plague be spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the plague is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean.
Leviticus 14:2	This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing: He shall be brought unto the priest:
Leviticus 14:12	And the priest shall take one he lamb, and offer him for a trespass offering, and the log of oil, and wave them for a wave offering before the LORD:
Leviticus 14:22	And two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, such as he is able to get; and the one shall be a sin offering, and the other a burnt offering.
Leviticus 14:32	This is the law of him in whom is the plague of leprosy, whose hand is not able to get that which pertaineth to his cleansing.
Leviticus 14:42	And they shall take other stones, and put them in the place of those stones; and he shall take other mortar, and shall plaster the house.
Leviticus 14:52	And he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the running water, and with the living bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the scarlet:
Leviticus 15:5	And whosoever toucheth his bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:15	And the priest shall offer them, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD for his issue.
Leviticus 15:25	And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean.
Leviticus 16:2	And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat.
Leviticus 16:12	And he shall take a censer full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the LORD, and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small, and bring it within the vail:
Leviticus 16:22	And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness.
Leviticus 16:32	And the priest, whom he shall anoint, and whom he shall consecrate to minister in the priest's office in his father's stead, shall make the atonement, and shall put on the linen clothes, even the holy garments:
Leviticus 17:8	And thou shalt say unto them, Whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers which sojourn among you, that offereth a burnt offering or sacrifice,
Leviticus 18:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 18:12	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman.
Leviticus 18:22	Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.
Leviticus 19:2	Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the LORD your God am holy.
Leviticus 19:12	And ye shall not swear by my name falsely, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:22	And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering before the LORD for his sin which he hath done: and the sin which he hath done shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 19:32	Thou shalt rise up before the hoary head, and honor the face of the old man, and fear thy God: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 20:5	Then I will set my face against that man, and against his family, and will cut him off, and all that go a whoring after him, to commit whoredom with Molech, from among their people.
Leviticus 20:15	And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast.
Leviticus 20:25	Ye shall therefore put difference between clean beasts and unclean, and between unclean fowls and clean: and ye shall not make your souls abominable by beast, or by fowl, or by any manner of living thing that creepeth on the ground, which I have separated from you as unclean.
Leviticus 21:8	Thou shalt sanctify him therefore; for he offereth the bread of thy God: he shall be holy unto thee: for I the LORD, which sanctify you, am holy.
Leviticus 21:18	For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish, he shall not approach: a blind man, or a lame, or he that hath a flat nose, or any thing superfluous,
Leviticus 22:4	What man soever of the seed of Aaron is a leper, or hath a running issue; he shall not eat of the holy things, until he be clean. And whoso toucheth any thing that is unclean by the dead, or a man whose seed goeth from him;
Leviticus 22:14	And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly, then he shall put the fifth part thereof unto it, and shall give it unto the priest with the holy thing.
Leviticus 22:24	Ye shall not offer unto the LORD that which is bruised, or crushed, or broken, or cut; neither shall ye make any offering thereof in your land.
Leviticus 23:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:11	And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD, to be accepted for you: on the morrow after the sabbath the priest shall wave it.
Leviticus 23:21	And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy convocation unto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations.
Leviticus 23:31	Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
Leviticus 23:41	And ye shall keep it a feast unto the LORD seven days in the year. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations: ye shall celebrate it in the seventh month.
Leviticus 24:7	And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row, that it may be on the bread for a memorial, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 24:17	And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death.
Leviticus 25:4	But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest unto the land, a sabbath for the LORD: thou shalt neither sow thy field, nor prune thy vineyard.
Leviticus 25:14	And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbor, or buyest ought of thy neighbor's hand, ye shall not oppress one another:
Leviticus 25:24	And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land.
Leviticus 25:34	But the field of the suburbs of their cities may not be sold; for it is their perpetual possession.
Leviticus 25:44	Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids, which thou shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are round about you; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids.
Leviticus 25:54	And if he be not redeemed in these years, then he shall go out in the year of jubilee, both he, and his children with him.
Leviticus 26:9	For I will have respect unto you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, and establish my covenant with you.
Leviticus 26:19	And I will break the pride of your power; and I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass:
Leviticus 26:29	And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat.
Leviticus 26:39	And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them.
Leviticus 27:3	And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old, even thy estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
Leviticus 27:13	But if he will at all redeem it, then he shall add a fifth part thereof unto thy estimation.
Leviticus 27:23	Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation, even unto the year of the jubilee: and he shall give thine estimation in that day, as a holy thing unto the LORD.
Leviticus 27:33	He shall not search whether it be good or bad, neither shall he change it: and if he change it at all, then both it and the change thereof shall be holy; it shall not be redeemed.
Numbers 1:9	Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon.
Numbers 1:19	As the LORD commanded Moses, so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai.
Numbers 1:29	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 1:39	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Dan, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred.
Numbers 1:49	Only thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi, neither take the sum of them among the children of Israel:
Numbers 2:5	And those that do pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of Issachar: and Nethaneel the son of Zuar shall be captain of the children of Issachar.
Numbers 2:15	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.
Numbers 2:25	The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Numbers 3:1	These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the LORD spake with Moses in mount Sinai.
Numbers 3:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 3:21	Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites.
Numbers 3:31	And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the hanging, and all the service thereof.
Numbers 3:41	And thou shalt take the Levites for me (I am the LORD) instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites instead of all the firstlings among the cattle of the children of Israel.
Numbers 3:51	And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to his sons, according to the word of the LORD, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 4:10	And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put it upon a bar.
Numbers 4:20	But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die.
Numbers 4:30	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number them, every one that entereth into the service, to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 4:40	Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty.
Numbers 5:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 5:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 5:21	Then the priest shall charge the woman with an oath of cursing, and the priest shall say unto the woman, The LORD make thee a curse and an oath among thy people, when the LORD doth make thy thigh to rot, and thy belly to swell;
Numbers 5:31	Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her iniquity.
Numbers 6:10	And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Numbers 6:20	And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD: this is holy for the priest, with the wave breast and heave shoulder: and after that the Nazarite may drink wine.
Numbers 7:3	And they brought their offering before the LORD, six covered wagons, and twelve oxen; a wagon for two of the princes, and for each one an ox: and they brought them before the tabernacle.
Numbers 7:13	And his offering was one silver charger, the weight thereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them were full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:23	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
Numbers 7:33	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:43	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:53	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.
Numbers 7:63	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:73	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:83	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan.
Numbers 8:4	And this work of the candlestick was of beaten gold, unto the shaft thereof, unto the flowers thereof, was beaten work: according unto the pattern which the LORD had showed Moses, so he made the candlestick.
Numbers 8:14	Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of Israel: and the Levites shall be mine.
Numbers 8:24	This is it that belongeth unto the Levites: from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Numbers 9:8	And Moses said unto them, Stand still, and I will hear what the LORD will command concerning you.
Numbers 9:18	At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long as the cloud abode upon the tabernacle they rested in their tents.
Numbers 10:5	When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward.
Numbers 10:15	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
Numbers 10:25	And the standard of the camp of the children of Dan set forward, which was the rearward of all the camps throughout their hosts: and over his host was Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Numbers 10:35	And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up, LORD, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee before thee.
Numbers 11:9	And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it.
Numbers 11:19	Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days;
Numbers 11:29	And Moses said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all the LORD's people were prophets, and that the LORD would put his spirit upon them!
Numbers 12:4	And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out.
Numbers 12:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again.
Numbers 13:8	Of the tribe of Ephraim, Oshea the son of Nun.
Numbers 13:18	And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwelleth therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many;
Numbers 13:28	Nevertheless the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled, and very great: and moreover we saw the children of Anak there.
Numbers 14:5	Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel.
Numbers 14:15	Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying,
Numbers 14:25	(Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley.) Tomorrow turn you, and get you into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea.
Numbers 14:35	I the LORD have said, I will surely do it unto all this evil congregation, that are gathered together against me: in this wilderness they shall be consumed, and there they shall die.
Numbers 14:45	Then the Amalekites came down, and the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill, and smote them, and discomfited them, even unto Hormah.
Numbers 15:10	And thou shalt bring for a drink offering half an hin of wine, for an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Numbers 15:20	Ye shall offer up a cake of the first of your dough for an heave offering: as ye do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it.
Numbers 15:30	But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Numbers 15:40	That ye may remember, and do all my commandments, and be holy unto your God.
Numbers 16:9	Seemeth it but a small thing unto you, that the God of Israel hath separated you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the LORD, and to stand before the congregation to minister unto them?
Numbers 16:19	And Korah gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the congregation.
Numbers 16:29	If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then the LORD hath not sent me.
Numbers 16:39	And Eleazar the priest took the brazen censers, wherewith they that were burnt had offered; and they were made broad plates for a covering of the altar:
Numbers 16:49	Now they that died in the plague were fourteen thousand and seven hundred, beside them that died about the matter of Korah.
Numbers 17:9	And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD unto all the children of Israel: and they looked, and took every man his rod.
Numbers 18:6	And I, behold, I have taken your brethren the Levites from among the children of Israel: to you they are given as a gift for the LORD, to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 18:16	And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shalt thou redeem, according to thine estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, which is twenty gerahs.
Numbers 18:26	Thus speak unto the Levites, and say unto them, When ye take of the children of Israel the tithes which I have given you from them for your inheritance, then ye shall offer up an heave offering of it for the LORD, even a tenth part of the tithe.
Numbers 19:4	And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:
Numbers 19:14	This is the law, when a man dieth in a tent: all that come into the tent, and all that is in the tent, shall be unclean seven days.
Numbers 20:2	And there was no water for the congregation: and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
Numbers 20:12	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them.
Numbers 20:22	And the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, journeyed from Kadesh, and came unto mount Hor.
Numbers 21:3	And the LORD hearkened to the voice of Israel, and delivered up the Canaanites; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities: and he called the name of the place Hormah.
Numbers 21:13	From thence they removed, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, which is in the wilderness that cometh out of the coasts of the Amorites: for Arnon is the border of Moab, between Moab and the Amorites.
Numbers 21:23	And Sihon would not suffer Israel to pass through his border: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and went out against Israel into the wilderness: and he came to Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
Numbers 21:33	And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at Edrei.
Numbers 22:8	And he said unto them, Lodge here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: and the princes of Moab abode with Balaam.
Numbers 22:18	And Balaam answered and said unto the servants of Balak, If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the word of the LORD my God, to do less or more.
Numbers 22:28	And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times?
Numbers 22:38	And Balaam said unto Balak, Lo, I am come unto thee: have I now any power at all to say any thing? the word that God putteth in my mouth, that shall I speak.
Numbers 23:7	And he took up his parable, and said, Balak the king of Moab hath brought me from Aram, out of the mountains of the east, saying, Come, curse me Jacob, and come, defy Israel.
Numbers 23:17	And when he came to him, behold, he stood by his burnt offering, and the princes of Moab with him. And Balak said unto him, What hath the LORD spoken?
Numbers 23:27	And Balak said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence.
Numbers 24:7	He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted.
Numbers 24:17	I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.
Numbers 25:2	And they called the people unto the sacrifices of their gods: and the people did eat, and bowed down to their gods.
Numbers 25:12	Wherefore say, Behold, I give unto him my covenant of peace:
Numbers 26:4	Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt.
Numbers 26:14	These are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 26:24	Of Jashub, the family of the Jashubites: of Shimron, the family of the Shimronites.
Numbers 26:34	These are the families of Manasseh, and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred.
Numbers 26:44	Of the children of Asher after their families: of Jimna, the family of the Jimnites: of Jesui, the family of the Jesuites: of Beriah, the family of the Beriites.
Numbers 26:54	To many thou shalt give the more inheritance, and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance: to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him.
Numbers 26:64	But among these there was not a man of them whom Moses and Aaron the priest numbered, when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai.
Numbers 27:9	And if he have no daughter, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren.
Numbers 27:19	And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight.
Numbers 28:6	It is a continual burnt offering, which was ordained in mount Sinai for a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD.
Numbers 28:16	And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the passover of the LORD.
Numbers 28:26	Also in the day of the firstfruits, when ye bring a new meat offering unto the LORD, after your weeks be out, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work:
Numbers 29:5	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering, to make an atonement for you:
Numbers 29:15	And a several tenth deal to each lamb of the fourteen lambs:
Numbers 29:25	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 29:35	On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly: ye shall do no servile work therein:
Numbers 30:5	But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth; not any of her vows, or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul, shall stand: and the LORD shall forgive her, because her father disallowed her.
Numbers 30:15	But if he shall any ways make them void after that he hath heard them; then he shall bear her iniquity.
Numbers 31:9	And the children of Israel took all the women of Midian captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods.
Numbers 31:19	And do ye abide without the camp seven days: whosoever hath killed any person, and whosoever hath touched any slain, purify both yourselves and your captives on the third day, and on the seventh day.
Numbers 31:29	Take it of their half, and give it unto Eleazar the priest, for an heave offering of the LORD.
Numbers 31:39	And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and one.
Numbers 31:49	And they said unto Moses, Thy servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there lacketh not one man of us.
Numbers 32:5	Wherefore, said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for a possession, and bring us not over Jordan.
Numbers 32:15	For if ye turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness; and ye shall destroy all this people.
Numbers 32:25	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto Moses, saying, Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth.
Numbers 32:35	And Atroth, Shophan, and Jaazer, and Jogbehah,
Numbers 33:3	And they departed from Rameses in the first month, on the fifteenth day of the first month; on the morrow after the passover the children of Israel went out with an high hand in the sight of all the Egyptians.
Numbers 33:13	And they departed from Dophkah, and encamped in Alush.
Numbers 33:23	And they went from Kehelathah, and pitched in mount Shapher.
Numbers 33:33	And they went from Horhagidgad, and pitched in Jotbathah.
Numbers 33:43	And they departed from Punon, and pitched in Oboth.
Numbers 33:53	And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it.
Numbers 34:7	And this shall be your north border: from the great sea ye shall point out for you mount Hor:
Numbers 34:17	These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun.
Numbers 34:27	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of Shelomi.
Numbers 35:8	And the cities which ye shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel: from them that have many ye shall give many; but from them that have few ye shall give few: every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth.
Numbers 35:18	Or if he smite him with an hand weapon of wood, wherewith he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
Numbers 35:28	Because he should have remained in the city of his refuge until the death of the high priest: but after the death of the high priest the slayer shall return into the land of his possession.
Numbers 36:4	And when the jubilee of the children of Israel shall be, then shall their inheritance be put unto the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers.
Deuteronomy 1:1	These be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this side Jordan in the wilderness, in the plain over against the Red sea, between Paran, and Tophel, and Laban, and Hazeroth, and Dizahab.
Deuteronomy 1:11	(The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as ye are, and bless you, as he hath promised you!)
Deuteronomy 1:21	Behold, the LORD thy God hath set the land before thee: go up and possess it, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath said unto thee; fear not, neither be discouraged.
Deuteronomy 1:31	And in the wilderness, where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee, as a man doth bear his son, in all the way that ye went, until ye came into this place.
Deuteronomy 1:41	Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war, ye were ready to go up into the hill.
Deuteronomy 2:5	Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession.
Deuteronomy 2:15	For indeed the hand of the LORD was against them, to destroy them from among the host, until they were consumed.
Deuteronomy 2:25	This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of thee upon the nations that are under the whole heaven, who shall hear report of thee, and shall tremble, and be in anguish because of thee.
Deuteronomy 2:35	Only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took.
Deuteronomy 3:8	And we took at that time out of the hand of the two kings of the Amorites the land that was on this side Jordan, from the river of Arnon unto mount Hermon;
Deuteronomy 3:18	And I commanded you at that time, saying, The LORD your God hath given you this land to possess it: ye shall pass over armed before your brethren the children of Israel, all that are meet for the war.
Deuteronomy 3:28	But charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou shalt see.
Deuteronomy 4:9	Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen, and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life: but teach them thy sons, and thy sons' sons;
Deuteronomy 4:19	And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and when thou seest the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, shouldest be driven to worship them, and serve them, which the LORD thy God hath divided unto all nations under the whole heaven.
Deuteronomy 4:29	But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God, thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul.
Deuteronomy 4:39	Know therefore this day, and consider it in thine heart, that the LORD he is God in heaven above, and upon the earth beneath: there is none else.
Deuteronomy 4:49	And all the plain on this side Jordan eastward, even unto the sea of the plain, under the springs of Pisgah.
Deuteronomy 5:10	And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments.
Deuteronomy 5:20	Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbor.
Deuteronomy 5:30	Go say to them, Get you into your tents again.
Deuteronomy 6:7	And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
Deuteronomy 6:17	Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he hath commanded thee.
Deuteronomy 7:2	And when the LORD thy God shall deliver them before thee; thou shalt smite them, and utterly destroy them; thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them:
Deuteronomy 7:12	Wherefore it shall come to pass, if ye hearken to these judgments, and keep, and do them, that the LORD thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he sware unto thy fathers:
Deuteronomy 7:22	And the LORD thy God will put out those nations before thee by little and little: thou mayest not consume them at once, lest the beasts of the field increase upon thee.
Deuteronomy 8:6	Therefore thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to fear him.
Deuteronomy 8:16	Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end;
Deuteronomy 9:6	Understand therefore, that the LORD thy God giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness; for thou art a stiffnecked people.
Deuteronomy 9:16	And I looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you.
Deuteronomy 9:26	I prayed therefore unto the LORD, and said, O Lord GOD, destroy not thy people and thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed through thy greatness, which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
Deuteronomy 10:7	From thence they journeyed unto Gudgodah; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land of rivers of waters.
Deuteronomy 10:17	For the LORD your God is God of gods, and Lord of lords, a great God, a mighty, and a terrible, which regardeth not persons, nor taketh reward:
Deuteronomy 11:5	And what he did unto you in the wilderness, until ye came into this place;
Deuteronomy 11:15	And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full.
Deuteronomy 11:25	There shall no man be able to stand before you: for the LORD your God shall lay the fear of you and the dread of you upon all the land that ye shall tread upon, as he hath said unto you.
Deuteronomy 12:3	And ye shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place.
Deuteronomy 12:13	Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seest:
Deuteronomy 12:23	Only be sure that thou eat not the blood: for the blood is the life; and thou mayest not eat the life with the flesh.
Deuteronomy 13:1	If there arise among you a prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign or a wonder,
Deuteronomy 13:11	And all Israel shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you.
Deuteronomy 14:3	Thou shalt not eat any abominable thing.
Deuteronomy 14:13	And the glede, and the kite, and the vulture after his kind,
Deuteronomy 14:23	And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy God, in the place which he shall choose to place his name there, the tithe of thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always.
Deuteronomy 15:4	Save when there shall be no poor among you; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it:
Deuteronomy 15:14	Thou shalt furnish him liberally out of thy flock, and out of thy floor, and out of thy winepress: of that wherewith the LORD thy God hath blessed thee thou shalt give unto him.
Deuteronomy 16:1	Observe the month of Abib, and keep the passover unto the LORD thy God: for in the month of Abib the LORD thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night.
Deuteronomy 16:11	And thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates, and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to place his name there.
Deuteronomy 16:21	Thou shalt not plant thee a grove of any trees near unto the altar of the LORD thy God, which thou shalt make thee.
Deuteronomy 17:9	And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites, and unto the judge that shall be in those days, and inquire; and they shall show thee the sentence of judgment:
Deuteronomy 17:19	And it shall be with him, and he shall read therein all the days of his life: that he may learn to fear the LORD his God, to keep all the words of this law and these statutes, to do them:
Deuteronomy 18:9	When thou art come into the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do after the abominations of those nations.
Deuteronomy 18:19	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him.
Deuteronomy 19:7	Wherefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt separate three cities for thee.
Deuteronomy 19:17	Then both the men, between whom the controversy is, shall stand before the LORD, before the priests and the judges, which shall be in those days;
Deuteronomy 20:6	And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard, and hath not yet eaten of it? let him also go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man eat of it.
Deuteronomy 20:16	But of the cities of these people, which the LORD thy God doth give thee for an inheritance, thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth:
Deuteronomy 21:6	And all the elders of that city, that are next unto the slain man, shall wash their hands over the heifer that is beheaded in the valley:
Deuteronomy 21:16	Then it shall be, when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath, that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated, which is indeed the firstborn:
Deuteronomy 22:3	In like manner shalt thou do with his ass; and so shalt thou do with his raiment; and with all lost thing of thy brother's, which he hath lost, and thou hast found, shalt thou do likewise: thou mayest not hide thyself.
Deuteronomy 22:13	If any man take a wife, and go in unto her, and hate her,
Deuteronomy 22:23	If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband, and a man find her in the city, and lie with her;
Deuteronomy 23:3	An Ammonite or Moabite shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to their tenth generation shall they not enter into the congregation of the LORD for ever:
Deuteronomy 23:13	And thou shalt have a paddle upon thy weapon; and it shall be, when thou wilt ease thyself abroad, thou shalt dig therewith, and shalt turn back and cover that which cometh from thee:
Deuteronomy 23:23	That which is gone out of thy lips thou shalt keep and perform; even a freewill offering, according as thou hast vowed unto the LORD thy God, which thou hast promised with thy mouth.
Deuteronomy 24:8	Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so ye shall observe to do.
Deuteronomy 24:18	But thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee thence: therefore I command thee to do this thing.
Deuteronomy 25:6	And it shall be, that the firstborn which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that his name be not put out of Israel.
Deuteronomy 25:16	For all that do such things, and all that do unrighteously, are an abomination unto the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 26:7	And when we cried unto the LORD God of our fathers, the LORD heard our voice, and looked on our affliction, and our labor, and our oppression:
Deuteronomy 26:17	Thou hast avouched the LORD this day to be thy God, and to walk in his ways, and to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and to hearken unto his voice:
Deuteronomy 27:8	And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly.
Deuteronomy 27:18	Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:2	And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 28:12	The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure, the heaven to give the rain unto thy land in his season, and to bless all the work of thine hand: and thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
Deuteronomy 28:22	The LORD shall smite thee with a consumption, and with a fever, and with an inflammation, and with an extreme burning, and with the sword, and with blasting, and with mildew; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish.
Deuteronomy 28:32	Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people, and thine eyes shall look, and fail with longing for them all the day long; and there shall be no might in thine hand.
Deuteronomy 28:42	All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume.
Deuteronomy 28:52	And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughout all thy land: and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which the LORD thy God hath given thee.
Deuteronomy 28:62	And ye shall be left few in number, whereas ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 29:4	Yet the LORD hath not given you an heart to perceive, and eyes to see, and ears to hear, unto this day.
Deuteronomy 29:14	Neither with you only do I make this covenant and this oath;
Deuteronomy 29:24	Even all nations shall say, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land? what meaneth the heat of this great anger?
Deuteronomy 30:5	And the LORD thy God will bring thee into the land which thy fathers possessed, and thou shalt possess it; and he will do thee good, and multiply thee above thy fathers.
Deuteronomy 30:15	See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil;
Deuteronomy 31:5	And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you.
Deuteronomy 31:15	And the LORD appeared in the tabernacle in a pillar of a cloud: and the pillar of the cloud stood over the door of the tabernacle.
Deuteronomy 31:25	That Moses commanded the Levites, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, saying,
Deuteronomy 32:5	They have corrupted themselves, their spot is not the spot of his children: they are a perverse and crooked generation.
Deuteronomy 32:15	But Jeshurun waxed fat, and kicked: thou art waxen fat, thou art grown thick, thou art covered with fatness; then he forsook God which made him, and lightly esteemed the Rock of his salvation.
Deuteronomy 32:25	The sword without, and terror within, shall destroy both the young man and the virgin, the suckling also with the man of gray hairs.
Deuteronomy 32:35	To me belongeth vengeance and recompence; their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come upon them make haste.
Deuteronomy 32:45	And Moses made an end of speaking all these words to all Israel:
Deuteronomy 33:3	Yea, he loved the people; all his saints are in thy hand: and they sat down at thy feet; every one shall receive of thy words.
Deuteronomy 33:13	And of Joseph he said, Blessed of the LORD be his land, for the precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for the deep that coucheth beneath,
Deuteronomy 33:23	And of Naphtali he said, O Naphtali, satisfied with favor, and full with the blessing of the LORD: possess thou the west and the south.
Deuteronomy 34:4	And the LORD said unto him, This is the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, saying, I will give it unto thy seed: I have caused thee to see it with thine eyes, but thou shalt not go over thither.
Joshua 1:2	Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel.
Joshua 1:12	And to the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to half the tribe of Manasseh, spake Joshua, saying,
Joshua 2:4	And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men unto me, but I wist not whence they were:
Joshua 2:14	And the men answered her, Our life for yours, if ye utter not this our business. And it shall be, when the LORD hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly with thee.
Joshua 2:24	And they said unto Joshua, Truly the LORD hath delivered into our hands all the land; for even all the inhabitants of the country do faint because of us.
Joshua 3:10	And Joshua said, Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you, and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Jebusites.
Joshua 4:3	And command ye them, saying, Take you hence out of the midst of Jordan, out of the place where the priests' feet stood firm, twelve stones, and ye shall carry them over with you, and leave them in the lodging place, where ye shall lodge this night.
Joshua 4:13	About forty thousand prepared for war passed over before the LORD unto battle, to the plains of Jericho.
Joshua 4:23	For the LORD your God dried up the waters of Jordan from before you, until ye were passed over, as the LORD your God did to the Red sea, which he dried up from before us, until we were gone over:
Joshua 5:9	And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day have I rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you. Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day.
Joshua 6:4	And seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams' horns: and the seventh day ye shall compass the city seven times, and the priests shall blow with the trumpets.
Joshua 6:14	And the second day they compassed the city once, and returned into the camp: so they did six days.
Joshua 6:24	And they burnt the city with fire, and all that was therein: only the silver, and the gold, and the vessels of brass and of iron, they put into the treasury of the house of the LORD.
Joshua 7:7	And Joshua said, Alas, O LORD God, wherefore hast thou at all brought this people over Jordan, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us? would to God we had been content, and dwelt on the other side Jordan!
Joshua 7:17	And he brought the family of Judah; and he took the family of the Zarhites: and he brought the family of the Zarhites man by man; and Zabdi was taken:
Joshua 8:1	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear not, neither be thou dismayed: take all the people of war with thee, and arise, go up to Ai: see, I have given into thy hand the king of Ai, and his people, and his city, and his land:
Joshua 8:11	And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai.
Joshua 8:21	And when Joshua and all Israel saw that the ambush had taken the city, and that the smoke of the city ascended, then they turned again, and slew the men of Ai.
Joshua 8:31	As Moses the servant of the LORD commanded the children of Israel, as it is written in the book of the law of Moses, an altar of whole stones, over which no man hath lift up any iron: and they offered thereon burnt offerings unto the LORD, and sacrificed peace offerings.
Joshua 9:6	And they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal, and said unto him, and to the men of Israel, We be come from a far country: now therefore make ye a league with us.
Joshua 9:16	And it came to pass at the end of three days after they had made a league with them, that they heard that they were their neighbors, and that they dwelt among them.
Joshua 9:26	And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them not.
Joshua 10:9	Joshua therefore came unto them suddenly, and went up from Gilgal all night.
Joshua 10:19	And stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmost of them; suffer them not to enter into their cities: for the LORD your God hath delivered them into your hand.
Joshua 10:29	Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with him, unto Libnah, and fought against Libnah:
Joshua 10:39	And he took it, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof; and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining: as he had done to Hebron, so he did to Debir, and to the king thereof; as he had done also to Libnah, and to her king.
Joshua 11:6	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots with fire.
Joshua 11:16	So Joshua took all that land, the hills, and all the south country, and all the land of Goshen, and the valley, and the plain, and the mountain of Israel, and the valley of the same;
Joshua 12:3	And from the plain to the sea of Chinneroth on the east, and unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea on the east, the way to Bethjeshimoth; and from the south, under Ashdothpisgah:
Joshua 12:13	The king of Debir, one; the king of Geder, one;
Joshua 12:23	The king of Dor in the coast of Dor, one; the king of the nations of Gilgal, one;
Joshua 13:9	From Aroer, that is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain of Medeba unto Dibon;
Joshua 13:19	And Kirjathaim, and Sibmah, and Zarethshahar in the mount of the valley,
Joshua 13:29	And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe of Manasseh: and this was the possession of the half tribe of the children of Manasseh by their families.
Joshua 14:6	Then the children of Judah came unto Joshua in Gilgal: and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said unto him, Thou knowest the thing that the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and thee in Kadeshbarnea.
Joshua 15:1	This then was the lot of the tribe of the children of Judah by their families; even to the border of Edom the wilderness of Zin southward was the uttermost part of the south coast.
Joshua 15:11	And the border went out unto the side of Ekron northward: and the border was drawn to Shicron, and passed along to mount Baalah, and went out unto Jabneel; and the goings out of the border were at the sea.
Joshua 15:21	And the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of Judah toward the coast of Edom southward were Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur,
Joshua 15:31	And Ziklag, and Madmannah, and Sansannah,
Joshua 15:41	And Gederoth, Bethdagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their villages:
Joshua 15:51	And Goshen, and Holon, and Giloh; eleven cities with their villages:
Joshua 15:61	In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah,
Joshua 16:8	The border went out from Tappuah westward unto the river Kanah; and the goings out thereof were at the sea. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim by their families.
Joshua 17:8	Now Manasseh had the land of Tappuah: but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh belonged to the children of Ephraim;
Joshua 17:18	But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a wood, and thou shalt cut it down: and the outgoings of it shall be thine: for thou shalt drive out the Canaanites, though they have iron chariots, and though they be strong.
Joshua 18:10	And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the LORD: and there Joshua divided the land unto the children of Israel according to their divisions.
Joshua 18:20	And Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to their families.
Joshua 19:2	And they had in their inheritance Beersheba, and Sheba, and Moladah,
Joshua 19:12	And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislothtabor, and then goeth out to Daberath, and goeth up to Japhia,
Joshua 19:22	And the coast reacheth to Tabor, and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at Jordan: sixteen cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:32	The sixth lot came out to the children of Naphtali, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families.
Joshua 19:42	And Shaalabbin, and Ajalon, and Jethlah,
Joshua 20:1	The LORD also spake unto Joshua, saying,
Joshua 21:2	And they spake unto them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in, with the suburbs thereof for our cattle.
Joshua 21:12	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, gave they to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession.
Joshua 21:22	And Kibzaim with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:32	And out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Hammothdor with her suburbs, and Kartan with her suburbs; three cities.
Joshua 21:42	These cities were every one with their suburbs round about them: thus were all these cities.
Joshua 22:7	Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh Moses had given possession in Bashan: but unto the other half thereof gave Joshua among their brethren on this side Jordan westward. And when Joshua sent them away also unto their tents, then he blessed them,
Joshua 22:17	Is the iniquity of Peor too little for us, from which we are not cleansed until this day, although there was a plague in the congregation of the LORD,
Joshua 22:27	But that it may be a witness between us, and you, and our generations after us, that we might do the service of the LORD before him with our burnt offerings, and with our sacrifices, and with our peace offerings; that your children may not say to our children in time to come, Ye have no part in the LORD.
Joshua 23:3	And ye have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto all these nations because of you; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you.
Joshua 23:13	Know for a certainty that the LORD your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you.
Joshua 24:7	And when they cried unto the LORD, he put darkness between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea upon them, and covered them; and your eyes have seen what I have done in Egypt: and ye dwelt in the wilderness a long season.
Joshua 24:17	For the LORD our God, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage, and which did those great signs in our sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all the people through whom we passed:
Joshua 24:27	And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness unto us; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God.
Judges 1:4	And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men.
Judges 1:14	And it came to pass, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted from off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wilt thou?
Judges 1:24	And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Show us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will show thee mercy.
Judges 1:34	And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley:
Judges 2:8	And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.
Judges 2:18	And when the LORD raised them up judges, then the LORD was with the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented the LORD because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them.
Judges 3:5	And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:
Judges 3:15	But when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised them up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man lefthanded: and by him the children of Israel sent a present unto Eglon the king of Moab.
Judges 3:25	And they tarried till they were ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlor; therefore they took a key, and opened them: and, behold, their lord was fallen down dead on the earth.
Judges 4:4	And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time.
Judges 4:14	And Deborah said unto Barak, Up; for this is the day in which the LORD hath delivered Sisera into thine hand: is not the LORD gone out before thee? So Barak went down from mount Tabor, and ten thousand men after him.
Judges 4:24	And the hand of the children of Israel prospered, and prevailed against Jabin the king of Canaan, until they had destroyed Jabin king of Canaan.
Judges 5:10	Speak, ye that ride on white asses, ye that sit in judgment, and walk by the way.
Judges 5:20	They fought from heaven; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera.
Judges 5:30	Have they not sped? have they not divided the prey; to every man a damsel or two; to Sisera a prey of divers colors, a prey of divers colors of needlework, of divers colors of needlework on both sides, meet for the necks of them that take the spoil?
Judges 6:9	And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you, and gave you their land;
Judges 6:19	And Gideon went in, and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour: the flesh he put in a basket, and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him under the oak, and presented it.
Judges 6:29	And they said one to another, Who hath done this thing? And when they inquired and asked, they said, Gideon the son of Joash hath done this thing.
Judges 6:39	And Gideon said unto God, Let not thine anger be hot against me, and I will speak but this once: let me prove, I pray thee, but this once with the fleece; let it now be dry only upon the fleece, and upon all the ground let there be dew.
Judges 7:9	And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Arise, get thee down unto the host; for I have delivered it into thine hand.
Judges 7:19	So Gideon, and the hundred men that were with him, came unto the outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had but newly set the watch: and they blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers that were in their hands.
Judges 8:4	And Gideon came to Jordan, and passed over, he, and the three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.
Judges 8:14	And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and inquired of him: and he described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even threescore and seventeen men.
Judges 8:24	And Gideon said unto them, I would desire a request of you, that ye would give me every man the earrings of his prey. (For they had golden earrings, because they were Ishmaelites.)
Judges 8:34	And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God, who had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side:
Judges 9:9	But the olive tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honor God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?
Judges 9:19	If ye then have dealt truly and sincerely with Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then rejoice ye in Abimelech, and let him also rejoice in you:
Judges 9:29	And would to God this people were under my hand! then would I remove Abimelech. And he said to Abimelech, Increase thine army, and come out.
Judges 9:39	And Gaal went out before the men of Shechem, and fought with Abimelech.
Judges 9:49	And all the people likewise cut down every man his bough, and followed Abimelech, and put them to the hold, and set the hold on fire upon them; so that all the men of the tower of Shechem died also, about a thousand men and women.
Judges 10:2	And he judged Israel twenty and three years, and died, and was buried in Shamir.
Judges 10:12	The Zidonians also, and the Amalekites, and the Maonites, did oppress you; and ye cried to me, and I delivered you out of their hand.
Judges 11:4	And it came to pass in process of time, that the children of Ammon made war against Israel.
Judges 11:14	And Jephthah sent messengers again unto the king of the children of Ammon:
Judges 11:24	Wilt not thou possess that which Chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess? So whomsoever the LORD our God shall drive out from before us, them will we possess.
Judges 11:34	And Jephthah came to Mizpeh unto his house, and, behold, his daughter came out to meet him with timbrels and with dances: and she was his only child; beside her he had neither son nor daughter.
Judges 12:4	Then Jephthah gathered together all the men of Gilead, and fought with Ephraim: and the men of Gilead smote Ephraim, because they said, Ye Gileadites are fugitives of Ephraim among the Ephraimites, and among the Manassites.
Judges 12:14	And he had forty sons and thirty nephews, that rode on threescore and ten ass colts: and he judged Israel eight years.
Judges 13:9	And God hearkened to the voice of Manoah; and the angel of God came again unto the woman as she sat in the field: but Manoah her husband was not with her.
Judges 13:19	So Manoah took a kid with a meat offering, and offered it upon a rock unto the LORD: and the angel did wonderously; and Manoah and his wife looked on.
Judges 14:4	But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the Philistines had dominion over Israel.
Judges 14:14	And he said unto them, Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness. And they could not in three days expound the riddle.
Judges 15:4	And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the midst between two tails.
Judges 15:14	And when he came unto Lehi, the Philistines shouted against him: and the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire, and his bands loosed from off his hands.
Judges 16:4	And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek, whose name was Delilah.
Judges 16:14	And she fastened it with the pin, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awaked out of his sleep, and went away with the pin of the beam, and with the web.
Judges 16:24	And when the people saw him, they praised their god: for they said, Our god hath delivered into our hands our enemy, and the destroyer of our country, which slew many of us.
Judges 17:3	And when he had restored the eleven hundred shekels of silver to his mother, his mother said, I had wholly dedicated the silver unto the LORD from my hand for my son, to make a graven image and a molten image: now therefore I will restore it unto thee.
Judges 17:13	Then said Micah, Now know I that the LORD will do me good, seeing I have a Levite to my priest.
Judges 18:10	When ye go, ye shall come unto a people secure, and to a large land: for God hath given it into your hands; a place where there is no want of any thing that is in the earth.
Judges 18:20	And the priest's heart was glad, and he took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the graven image, and went in the midst of the people.
Judges 18:30	And the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the son of Gershom, the son of Manasseh, he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land.
Judges 19:9	And when the man rose up to depart, he, and his concubine, and his servant, his father in law, the damsel's father, said unto him, Behold, now the day draweth toward evening, I pray you tarry all night: behold, the day groweth to an end, lodge here, that thine heart may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your way, that thou mayest go home.
Judges 19:19	Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no want of any thing.
Judges 19:29	And when he was come into his house, he took a knife, and laid hold on his concubine, and divided her, together with her bones, into twelve pieces, and sent her into all the coasts of Israel.
Judges 20:9	But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against it;
Judges 20:19	And the children of Israel rose up in the morning, and encamped against Gibeah.
Judges 20:29	And Israel set liers in wait round about Gibeah.
Judges 20:39	And when the men of Israel retired in the battle, Benjamin began to smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty persons: for they said, Surely they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle.
Judges 21:1	Now the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh, saying, There shall not any of us give his daughter unto Benjamin to wife.
Judges 21:11	And this is the thing that ye shall do, Ye shall utterly destroy every male, and every woman that hath lain by man.
Judges 21:21	And see, and, behold, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come ye out of the vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin.
Ruth 1:6	Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had visited his people in giving them bread.
Ruth 1:16	And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:
Ruth 2:4	And, behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said unto the reapers, The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD bless thee.
Ruth 2:14	And Boaz said unto her, At mealtime come thou hither, and eat of the bread, and dip thy morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched corn, and she did eat, and was sufficed, and left.
Ruth 3:1	Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her, My daughter, shall I not seek rest for thee, that it may be well with thee?
Ruth 3:11	And now, my daughter, fear not; I will do to thee all that thou requirest: for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virtuous woman.
Ruth 4:3	And he said unto the kinsman, Naomi, that is come again out of the country of Moab, selleth a parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's:
Ruth 4:13	So Boaz took Ruth, and she was his wife: and when he went in unto her, the LORD gave her conception, and she bare a son.
1 Samuel 1:1	Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephrathite:
1 Samuel 1:11	And she vowed a vow, and said, O LORD of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, and not forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head.
1 Samuel 1:21	And the man Elkanah, and all his house, went up to offer unto the LORD the yearly sacrifice, and his vow.
1 Samuel 2:3	Talk no more so exceeding proudly; let not arrogancy come out of your mouth: for the LORD is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed.
1 Samuel 2:13	And the priest's custom with the people was, that, when any man offered sacrifice, the priest's servant came, while the flesh was in seething, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand;
1 Samuel 2:23	And he said unto them, Why do ye such things? for I hear of your evil dealings by all this people.
1 Samuel 2:33	And the man of thine, whom I shall not cut off from mine altar, shall be to consume thine eyes, and to grieve thine heart: and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age.
1 Samuel 3:7	Now Samuel did not yet know the LORD, neither was the word of the LORD yet revealed unto him.
1 Samuel 3:17	And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee.
1 Samuel 4:6	And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews? And they understood that the ark of the LORD was come into the camp.
1 Samuel 4:16	And the man said unto Eli, I am he that came out of the army, and I fled to day out of the army. And he said, What is there done, my son?
1 Samuel 5:4	And when they arose early on the morrow morning, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the ground before the ark of the LORD; and the head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off upon the threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him.
1 Samuel 6:2	And the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners, saying, What shall we do to the ark of the LORD? tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place.
1 Samuel 6:12	And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and went along the highway, lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh.
1 Samuel 7:1	And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD.
1 Samuel 7:11	And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Bethcar.
1 Samuel 8:4	Then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together, and came to Samuel unto Ramah,
1 Samuel 8:14	And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants.
1 Samuel 9:2	And he had a son, whose name was Saul, a choice young man, and a goodly: and there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he: from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people.
1 Samuel 9:12	And they answered them, and said, He is; behold, he is before you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there is a sacrifice of the people to day in the high place:
1 Samuel 9:22	And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlor, and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about thirty persons.
1 Samuel 10:5	After that thou shalt come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines: and it shall come to pass, when thou art come thither to the city, that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp, before them; and they shall prophesy:
1 Samuel 10:15	And Saul's uncle said, Tell me, I pray thee, what Samuel said unto you.
1 Samuel 10:25	Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom, and wrote it in a book, and laid it up before the LORD. And Samuel sent all the people away, every man to his house.
1 Samuel 11:8	And when he numbered them in Bezek, the children of Israel were three hundred thousand, and the men of Judah thirty thousand.
1 Samuel 12:3	Behold, here I am: witness against me before the LORD, and before his anointed: whose ox have I taken? or whose ass have I taken? or whom have I defrauded? whom have I oppressed? or of whose hand have I received any bribe to blind mine eyes therewith? and I will restore it you.
1 Samuel 12:13	Now therefore behold the king whom ye have chosen, and whom ye have desired! and, behold, the LORD hath set a king over you.
1 Samuel 12:23	Moreover as for me, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you: but I will teach you the good and the right way:
1 Samuel 13:8	And he tarried seven days, according to the set time that Samuel had appointed: but Samuel came not to Gilgal; and the people were scattered from him.
1 Samuel 13:18	And another company turned the way to Bethhoron: and another company turned to the way of the border that looketh to the valley of Zeboim toward the wilderness.
1 Samuel 14:5	The forefront of the one was situate northward over against Michmash, and the other southward over against Gibeah.
1 Samuel 14:15	And there was trembling in the host, in the field, and among all the people: the garrison, and the spoilers, they also trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling.
1 Samuel 14:25	And all they of the land came to a wood; and there was honey upon the ground.
1 Samuel 14:35	And Saul built an altar unto the LORD: the same was the first altar that he built unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 14:45	And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not.
1 Samuel 15:3	Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.
1 Samuel 15:13	And Samuel came to Saul: and Saul said unto him, Blessed be thou of the LORD: I have performed the commandment of the LORD.
1 Samuel 15:23	For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also rejected thee from being king.
1 Samuel 15:33	And Samuel said, As the sword hath made women childless, so shall thy mother be childless among women. And Samuel hewed Agag in pieces before the LORD in Gilgal.
1 Samuel 16:8	Then Jesse called Abinadab, and made him pass before Samuel. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.
1 Samuel 16:18	Then answered one of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite, that is cunning in playing, and a mighty valiant man, and a man of war, and prudent in matters, and a comely person, and the LORD is with him.
1 Samuel 17:5	And he had an helmet of brass upon his head, and he was armed with a coat of mail; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of brass.
1 Samuel 17:15	But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at Bethlehem.
1 Samuel 17:25	And the men of Israel said, Have ye seen this man that is come up? surely to defy Israel is he come up: and it shall be, that the man who killeth him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father's house free in Israel.
1 Samuel 17:35	And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.
1 Samuel 17:45	Then said David to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied.
1 Samuel 17:55	And when Saul saw David go forth against the Philistine, he said unto Abner, the captain of the host, Abner, whose son is this youth? And Abner said, As thy soul liveth, O king, I cannot tell.
1 Samuel 18:7	And the women answered one another as they played, and said, Saul hath slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands.
1 Samuel 18:17	And Saul said to David, Behold my elder daughter Merab, her will I give thee to wife: only be thou valiant for me, and fight the LORD's battles. For Saul said, Let not mine hand be upon him, but let the hand of the Philistines be upon him.
1 Samuel 18:27	Wherefore David arose and went, he and his men, and slew of the Philistines two hundred men; and David brought their foreskins, and they gave them in full tale to the king, that he might be the king's son in law. And Saul gave him Michal his daughter to wife.
1 Samuel 19:7	And Jonathan called David, and Jonathan showed him all those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he was in his presence, as in times past.
1 Samuel 19:17	And Saul said unto Michal, Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent away mine enemy, that he is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said unto me, Let me go; why should I kill thee?
1 Samuel 20:3	And David sware moreover, and said, Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes; and he saith, Let not Jonathan know this, lest he be grieved: but truly as the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, there is but a step between me and death.
1 Samuel 20:13	The LORD do so and much more to Jonathan: but if it please my father to do thee evil, then I will show it thee, and send thee away, that thou mayest go in peace: and the LORD be with thee, as he hath been with my father.
1 Samuel 20:23	And as touching the matter which thou and I have spoken of, behold, the LORD be between thee and me for ever.
1 Samuel 20:33	And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him: whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David.
1 Samuel 21:1	Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest: and Ahimelech was afraid at the meeting of David, and said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with thee?
1 Samuel 21:11	And the servants of Achish said unto him, Is not this David the king of the land? did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul hath slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands?
1 Samuel 22:6	When Saul heard that David was discovered, and the men that were with him, (now Saul abode in Gibeah under a tree in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all his servants were standing about him;)
1 Samuel 22:16	And the king said, Thou shalt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and all thy father's house.
1 Samuel 23:3	And David's men said unto him, Behold, we be afraid here in Judah: how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines?
1 Samuel 23:13	Then David and his men, which were about six hundred, arose and departed out of Keilah, and went whithersoever they could go. And it was told Saul that David was escaped from Keilah; and he forbare to go forth.
1 Samuel 23:23	See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself, and come ye again to me with the certainty, and I will go with you: and it shall come to pass, if he be in the land, that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah.
1 Samuel 24:4	And the men of David said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily.
1 Samuel 24:14	After whom is the king of Israel come out? after whom dost thou pursue? after a dead dog, after a flea.
1 Samuel 25:2	And there was a man in Maon, whose possessions were in Carmel; and the man was very great, and he had three thousand sheep, and a thousand goats: and he was shearing his sheep in Carmel.
1 Samuel 25:12	So David's young men turned their way, and went again, and came and told him all those sayings.
1 Samuel 25:22	So and more also do God unto the enemies of David, if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall.
1 Samuel 25:32	And David said to Abigail, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which sent thee this day to meet me:
1 Samuel 25:42	And Abigail hasted, and arose and rode upon an ass, with five damsels of hers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife.
1 Samuel 26:8	Then said Abishai to David, God hath delivered thine enemy into thine hand this day: now therefore let me smite him, I pray thee, with the spear even to the earth at once, and I will not smite him the second time.
1 Samuel 26:18	And he said, Wherefore doth my lord thus pursue after his servant? for what have I done? or what evil is in mine hand?
1 Samuel 27:3	And David dwelt with Achish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his household, even David with his two wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the Carmelitess, Nabal's wife.
1 Samuel 28:1	And it came to pass in those days, that the Philistines gathered their armies together for warfare, to fight with Israel. And Achish said unto David, Know thou assuredly, that thou shalt go out with me to battle, thou and thy men.
1 Samuel 28:11	Then said the woman, Whom shall I bring up unto thee? And he said, Bring me up Samuel.
1 Samuel 28:21	And the woman came unto Saul, and saw that he was sore troubled, and said unto him, Behold, thine handmaid hath obeyed thy voice, and I have put my life in my hand, and have hearkened unto thy words which thou spakest unto me.
1 Samuel 29:6	Then Achish called David, and said unto him, Surely, as the LORD liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy going out and thy coming in with me in the host is good in my sight: for I have not found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto this day: nevertheless the lords favor thee not.
1 Samuel 30:5	And David's two wives were taken captives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite.
1 Samuel 30:15	And David said to him, Canst thou bring me down to this company? And he said, Swear unto me by God, that thou wilt neither kill me, nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I will bring thee down to this company.
1 Samuel 30:25	And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute and an ordinance for Israel unto this day.
1 Samuel 31:4	Then said Saul unto his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through, and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.
2 Samuel 1:1	Now it came to pass after the death of Saul, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites, and David had abode two days in Ziklag;
2 Samuel 1:11	Then David took hold on his clothes, and rent them; and likewise all the men that were with him:
2 Samuel 1:21	Ye mountains of Gilboa, let there be no dew, neither let there be rain, upon you, nor fields of offerings: for there the shield of the mighty is vilely cast away, the shield of Saul, as though he had not been anointed with oil.
2 Samuel 2:4	And the men of Judah came, and there they anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul.
2 Samuel 2:14	And Abner said to Joab, Let the young men now arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them arise.
2 Samuel 2:24	Joab also and Abishai pursued after Abner: and the sun went down when they were come to the hill of Ammah, that lieth before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon.
2 Samuel 3:2	And unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess;
2 Samuel 3:12	And Abner sent messengers to David on his behalf, saying, Whose is the land? saying also, Make thy league with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with thee, to bring about all Israel unto thee.
2 Samuel 3:22	And, behold, the servants of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop, and brought in a great spoil with them: but Abner was not with David in Hebron; for he had sent him away, and he was gone in peace.
2 Samuel 3:32	And they buried Abner in Hebron: and the king lifted up his voice, and wept at the grave of Abner; and all the people wept.
2 Samuel 4:3	And the Beerothites fled to Gittaim, and were sojourners there until this day.)
2 Samuel 5:1	Then came all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron, and spake, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.
2 Samuel 5:11	And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and cedar trees, and carpenters, and masons: and they built David an house.
2 Samuel 5:21	And there they left their images, and David and his men burned them.
2 Samuel 6:6	And when they came to Nachon's threshingfloor, Uzzah put forth his hand to the ark of God, and took hold of it; for the oxen shook it.
2 Samuel 6:16	And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.
2 Samuel 7:3	And Nathan said to the king, Go, do all that is in thine heart; for the LORD is with thee.
2 Samuel 7:13	He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever.
2 Samuel 7:23	And what one nation in the earth is like thy people, even like Israel, whom God went to redeem for a people to himself, and to make him a name, and to do for you great things and terrible, for thy land, before thy people, which thou redeemedst to thee from Egypt, from the nations and their gods?
2 Samuel 8:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: and David houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them for an hundred chariots.
2 Samuel 8:14	And he put garrisons in Edom; throughout all Edom put he garrisons, and all they of Edom became David's servants. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
2 Samuel 9:6	Now when Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan, the son of Saul, was come unto David, he fell on his face, and did reverence. And David said, Mephibosheth. And he answered, Behold thy servant!
2 Samuel 10:3	And the princes of the children of Ammon said unto Hanun their lord, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? hath not David rather sent his servants unto thee, to search the city, and to spy it out, and to overthrow it?
2 Samuel 10:13	And Joab drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him.
2 Samuel 11:4	And David sent messengers, and took her; and she came in unto him, and he lay with her; for she was purified from her uncleanness: and she returned unto her house.
2 Samuel 11:14	And it came to pass in the morning, that David wrote a letter to Joab, and sent it by the hand of Uriah.
2 Samuel 11:24	And the shooters shot from off the wall upon thy servants; and some of the king's servants be dead, and thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.
2 Samuel 12:7	And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul;
2 Samuel 12:17	And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them.
2 Samuel 12:27	And Joab sent messengers to David, and said, I have fought against Rabbah, and have taken the city of waters.
2 Samuel 13:6	So Amnon lay down, and made himself sick: and when the king was come to see him, Amnon said unto the king, I pray thee, let Tamar my sister come, and make me a couple of cakes in my sight, that I may eat at her hand.
2 Samuel 13:16	And she said unto him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. But he would not hearken unto her.
2 Samuel 13:26	Then said Absalom, If not, I pray thee, let my brother Amnon go with us. And the king said unto him, Why should he go with thee?
2 Samuel 13:36	And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of speaking, that, behold, the king's sons came, and lifted up their voice and wept: and the king also and all his servants wept very sore.
2 Samuel 14:7	And, behold, the whole family is risen against thine handmaid, and they said, Deliver him that smote his brother, that we may kill him, for the life of his brother whom he slew; and we will destroy the heir also: and so they shall quench my coal which is left, and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder upon the earth.
2 Samuel 14:17	Then thine handmaid said, The word of my lord the king shall now be comfortable: for as an angel of God, so is my lord the king to discern good and bad: therefore the LORD thy God will be with thee.
2 Samuel 14:27	And unto Absalom there were born three sons, and one daughter, whose name was Tamar: she was a woman of a fair countenance.
2 Samuel 15:4	Absalom said moreover, Oh that I were made judge in the land, that every man which hath any suit or cause might come unto me, and I would do him justice!
2 Samuel 15:14	And David said unto all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not else escape from Absalom: make speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword.
2 Samuel 15:24	And lo Zadok also, and all the Levites were with him, bearing the ark of the covenant of God: and they set down the ark of God; and Abiathar went up, until all the people had done passing out of the city.
2 Samuel 15:34	But if thou return to the city, and say unto Absalom, I will be thy servant, O king; as I have been thy father's servant hitherto, so will I now also be thy servant: then mayest thou for me defeat the counsel of Ahithophel.
2 Samuel 16:7	And thus said Shimei when he cursed, Come out, come out, thou bloody man, and thou man of Belial:
2 Samuel 16:17	And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this thy kindness to thy friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend?
2 Samuel 17:4	And the saying pleased Absalom well, and all the elders of Israel.
2 Samuel 17:14	And Absalom and all the men of Israel said, The counsel of Hushai the Archite is better than the counsel of Ahithophel. For the LORD had appointed to defeat the good counsel of Ahithophel, to the intent that the LORD might bring evil upon Absalom.
2 Samuel 17:24	Then David came to Mahanaim. And Absalom passed over Jordan, he and all the men of Israel with him.
2 Samuel 18:5	And the king commanded Joab and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Deal gently for my sake with the young man, even with Absalom. And all the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom.
2 Samuel 18:15	And ten young men that bare Joab's armor compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew him.
2 Samuel 18:25	And the watchman cried, and told the king. And the king said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near.
2 Samuel 19:2	And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto all the people: for the people heard say that day how the king was grieved for his son.
2 Samuel 19:12	Ye are my brethren, ye are my bones and my flesh: wherefore then are ye the last to bring back the king?
2 Samuel 19:22	And David said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of Zeruiah, that ye should this day be adversaries unto me? shall there any man be put to death this day in Israel? for do not I know that I am this day king over Israel?
2 Samuel 19:32	Now Barzillai was a very aged man, even fourscore years old: and he had provided the king of sustenance while he lay at Mahanaim; for he was a very great man.
2 Samuel 19:42	And all the men of Judah answered the men of Israel, Because the king is near of kin to us: wherefore then be ye angry for this matter? have we eaten at all of the king's cost? or hath he given us any gift?
2 Samuel 20:9	And Joab said to Amasa, Art thou in health, my brother? And Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right hand to kiss him.
2 Samuel 20:19	I am one of them that are peaceable and faithful in Israel: thou seekest to destroy a city and a mother in Israel: why wilt thou swallow up the inheritance of the LORD?
2 Samuel 21:3	Wherefore David said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and wherewith shall I make the atonement, that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD?
2 Samuel 21:13	And he brought up from thence the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son; and they gathered the bones of them that were hanged.
2 Samuel 22:1	And David spake unto the LORD the words of this song in the day that the LORD had delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul:
2 Samuel 22:11	And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: and he was seen upon the wings of the wind.
2 Samuel 22:21	The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness: according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.
2 Samuel 22:31	As for God, his way is perfect; the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all them that trust in him.
2 Samuel 22:41	Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies, that I might destroy them that hate me.
2 Samuel 22:51	He is the tower of salvation for his king: and sheweth mercy to his anointed, unto David, and to his seed for evermore.
2 Samuel 23:10	He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand was weary, and his hand clave unto the sword: and the LORD wrought a great victory that day; and the people returned after him only to spoil.
2 Samuel 23:20	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man, of Kabzeel, who had done many acts, he slew two lionlike men of Moab: he went down also and slew a lion in the midst of a pit in time of snow:
2 Samuel 23:30	Benaiah the Pirathonite, Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash,
2 Samuel 24:1	And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah.
2 Samuel 24:11	For when David was up in the morning, the word of the LORD came unto the prophet Gad, David's seer, saying,
2 Samuel 24:21	And Araunah said, Wherefore is my lord the king come to his servant? And David said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an altar unto the LORD, that the plague may be stayed from the people.
1 Kings 1:6	And his father had not displeased him at any time in saying, Why hast thou done so? and he also was a very goodly man; and his mother bare him after Absalom.
1 Kings 1:16	And Bathsheba bowed, and did obeisance unto the king. And the king said, What wouldest thou?
1 Kings 1:26	But me, even me thy servant, and Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and thy servant Solomon, hath he not called.
1 Kings 1:36	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada answered the king, and said, Amen: the LORD God of my lord the king say so too.
1 Kings 1:46	And also Solomon sitteth on the throne of the kingdom.
1 Kings 2:3	And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest, and whithersoever thou turnest thyself:
1 Kings 2:13	And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon. And she said, Comest thou peaceably? And he said, Peaceably.
1 Kings 2:23	Then king Solomon sware by the LORD, saying, God do so to me, and more also, if Adonijah have not spoken this word against his own life.
1 Kings 2:33	Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his throne, shall there be peace for ever from the LORD.
1 Kings 2:43	Why then hast thou not kept the oath of the LORD, and the commandment that I have charged thee with?
1 Kings 3:7	And now, O LORD my God, thou hast made thy servant king instead of David my father: and I am but a little child: I know not how to go out or come in.
1 Kings 3:17	And the one woman said, O my lord, I and this woman dwell in one house; and I was delivered of a child with her in the house.
1 Kings 3:27	Then the king answered and said, Give her the living child, and in no wise slay it: she is the mother thereof.
1 Kings 4:9	The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan:
1 Kings 4:19	Geber the son of Uri was in the country of Gilead, in the country of Sihon king of the Amorites, and of Og king of Bashan; and he was the only officer which was in the land.
1 Kings 4:29	And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore.
1 Kings 5:5	And, behold, I purpose to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God, as the LORD spake unto David my father, saying, Thy son, whom I will set upon thy throne in thy room, he shall build an house unto my name.
1 Kings 5:15	And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens, and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains;
1 Kings 6:7	And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building.
1 Kings 6:17	And the house, that is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long.
1 Kings 6:27	And he set the cherubim within the inner house: and they stretched forth the wings of the cherubim, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the other cherub touched the other wall; and their wings touched one another in the midst of the house.
1 Kings 6:37	In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid, in the month Zif:
1 Kings 7:9	All these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the foundation unto the coping, and so on the outside toward the great court.
1 Kings 7:19	And the chapiters that were upon the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch, four cubits.
1 Kings 7:29	And on the borders that were between the ledges were lions, oxen, and cherubim: and upon the ledges there was a base above: and beneath the lions and oxen were certain additions made of thin work.
1 Kings 7:39	And he put five bases on the right side of the house, and five on the left side of the house: and he set the sea on the right side of the house eastward over against the south.
1 Kings 7:49	And the candlesticks of pure gold, five on the right side, and five on the left, before the oracle, with the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs of gold,
1 Kings 8:8	And they drew out the staves, that the ends of the staves were seen out in the holy place before the oracle, and they were not seen without: and there they are unto this day.
1 Kings 8:18	And the LORD said unto David my father, Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that it was in thine heart.
1 Kings 8:28	Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer, which thy servant prayeth before thee to day:
1 Kings 8:38	What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people Israel, which shall know every man the plague of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house:
1 Kings 8:48	And so return unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away captive, and pray unto thee toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, the city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name:
1 Kings 8:58	That he may incline our hearts unto him, to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and his statutes, and his judgments, which he commanded our fathers.
1 Kings 9:2	That the LORD appeared to Solomon the second time, as he had appeared unto him at Gibeon.
1 Kings 9:12	And Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities which Solomon had given him; and they pleased him not.
1 Kings 9:22	But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no bondmen: but they were men of war, and his servants, and his princes, and his captains, and rulers of his chariots, and his horsemen.
1 Kings 10:4	And when the queen of Sheba had seen all Solomon's wisdom, and the house that he had built,
1 Kings 10:14	Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred threescore and six talents of gold,
1 Kings 10:24	And all the earth sought to Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had put in his heart.
1 Kings 11:5	For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites.
1 Kings 11:15	For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in Edom;
1 Kings 11:25	And he was an adversary to Israel all the days of Solomon, beside the mischief that Hadad did: and he abhorred Israel, and reigned over Syria.
1 Kings 11:35	But I will take the kingdom out of his son's hand, and will give it unto thee, even ten tribes.
1 Kings 12:2	And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was yet in Egypt, heard of it, (for he was fled from the presence of king Solomon, and Jeroboam dwelt in Egypt;)
1 Kings 12:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day.
1 Kings 12:22	But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
1 Kings 12:32	And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the altar. So did he in Bethel, sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and he placed in Bethel the priests of the high places which he had made.
1 Kings 13:9	For so was it charged me by the word of the LORD, saying, Eat no bread, nor drink water, nor turn again by the same way that thou camest.
1 Kings 13:19	So he went back with him, and did eat bread in his house, and drank water.
1 Kings 13:29	And the prophet took up the carcass of the man of God, and laid it upon the ass, and brought it back: and the old prophet came to the city, to mourn and to bury him.
1 Kings 14:5	And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jeroboam cometh to ask a thing of thee for her son; for he is sick: thus and thus shalt thou say unto her: for it shall be, when she cometh in, that she shall feign herself to be another woman.
1 Kings 14:15	For the LORD shall smite Israel, as a reed is shaken in the water, and he shall root up Israel out of this good land, which he gave to their fathers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger.
1 Kings 14:25	And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem:
1 Kings 15:4	Nevertheless for David's sake did the LORD his God give him a lamp in Jerusalem, to set up his son after him, and to establish Jerusalem:
1 Kings 15:14	But the high places were not removed: nevertheless Asa's heart was perfect with the LORD all his days.
1 Kings 15:24	And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 15:34	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin.
1 Kings 16:10	And Zimri went in and smote him, and killed him, in the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 16:20	Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 16:30	And Ahab the son of Omri did evil in the sight of the LORD above all that were before him.
1 Kings 17:6	And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in the evening; and he drank of the brook.
1 Kings 17:16	And the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the cruse of oil fail, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by Elijah.
1 Kings 18:2	And Elijah went to show himself unto Ahab. And there was a sore famine in Samaria.
1 Kings 18:12	And it shall come to pass, as soon as I am gone from thee, that the Spirit of the LORD shall carry thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me: but I thy servant fear the LORD from my youth.
1 Kings 18:22	Then said Elijah unto the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the LORD; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men.
1 Kings 18:32	And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the LORD: and he made a trench about the altar, as great as would contain two measures of seed.
1 Kings 18:42	So Ahab went up to eat and to drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carmel; and he cast himself down upon the earth, and put his face between his knees,
1 Kings 19:6	And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake baken on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again.
1 Kings 19:16	And Jehu the son of Nimshi shalt thou anoint to be king over Israel: and Elisha the son of Shaphat of Abelmeholah shalt thou anoint to be prophet in thy room.
1 Kings 20:5	And the messengers came again, and said, Thus speaketh Benhadad, saying, Although I have sent unto thee, saying, Thou shalt deliver me thy silver, and thy gold, and thy wives, and thy children;
1 Kings 20:15	Then he numbered the young men of the princes of the provinces, and they were two hundred and thirty two: and after them he numbered all the people, even all the children of Israel, being seven thousand.
1 Kings 20:25	And number thee an army, like the army that thou hast lost, horse for horse, and chariot for chariot: and we will fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they. And he hearkened unto their voice, and did so.
1 Kings 20:35	And a certain man of the sons of the prophets said unto his neighbor in the word of the LORD, Smite me, I pray thee. And the man refused to smite him.
1 Kings 21:2	And Ahab spake unto Naboth, saying, Give me thy vineyard, that I may have it for a garden of herbs, because it is near unto my house: and I will give thee for it a better vineyard than it; or, if it seem good to thee, I will give thee the worth of it in money.
1 Kings 21:12	They proclaimed a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people.
1 Kings 21:22	And will make thine house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for the provocation wherewith thou hast provoked me to anger, and made Israel to sin.
1 Kings 22:3	And the king of Israel said unto his servants, Know ye that Ramoth in Gilead is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria?
1 Kings 22:13	And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth: let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good.
1 Kings 22:23	Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee.
1 Kings 22:33	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him.
1 Kings 22:43	And he walked in all the ways of Asa his father; he turned not aside from it, doing that which was right in the eyes of the LORD: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered and burnt incense yet in the high places.
1 Kings 22:53	For he served Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God of Israel, according to all that his father had done.
2 Kings 1:10	And Elijah answered and said to the captain of fifty, If I be a man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty. And there came down fire from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.
2 Kings 2:2	And Elijah said unto Elisha, Tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Bethel. And Elisha said unto him, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they went down to Bethel.
2 Kings 2:12	And Elisha saw it, and he cried, My father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof. And he saw him no more: and he took hold of his own clothes, and rent them in two pieces.
2 Kings 2:22	So the waters were healed unto this day, according to the saying of Elisha which he spake.
2 Kings 3:7	And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab hath rebelled against me: wilt thou go with me against Moab to battle? And he said, I will go up: I am as thou art, my people as thy people, and my horses as thy horses.
2 Kings 3:17	For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and your cattle, and your beasts.
2 Kings 3:27	Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall. And there was great indignation against Israel: and they departed from him, and returned to their own land.
2 Kings 4:10	Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, on the wall; and let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick: and it shall be, when he cometh to us, that he shall turn in thither.
2 Kings 4:20	And when he had taken him, and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knees till noon, and then died.
2 Kings 4:30	And the mother of the child said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And he arose, and followed her.
2 Kings 4:40	So they poured out for the men to eat. And it came to pass, as they were eating of the pottage, that they cried out, and said, O thou man of God, there is death in the pot. And they could not eat thereof.
2 Kings 5:6	And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent Naaman my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy.
2 Kings 5:16	But he said, As the LORD liveth, before whom I stand, I will receive none. And he urged him to take it; but he refused.
2 Kings 5:26	And he said unto him, Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned again from his chariot to meet thee? Is it a time to receive money, and to receive garments, and oliveyards, and vineyards, and sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and maidservants?
2 Kings 6:9	And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.
2 Kings 6:19	And Elisha said unto them, This is not the way, neither is this the city: follow me, and I will bring you to the man whom ye seek. But he led them to Samaria.
2 Kings 6:29	So we boiled my son, and did eat him: and I said unto her on the next day, Give thy son, that we may eat him: and she hath hid her son.
2 Kings 7:6	For the LORD had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come upon us.
2 Kings 7:16	And the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according to the word of the LORD.
2 Kings 8:6	And when the king asked the woman, she told him. So the king appointed unto her a certain officer, saying, Restore all that was hers, and all the fruits of the field since the day that she left the land, even until now.
2 Kings 8:16	And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel, Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah, Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began to reign.
2 Kings 8:26	Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Athaliah, the daughter of Omri king of Israel.
2 Kings 9:7	And thou shalt smite the house of Ahab thy master, that I may avenge the blood of my servants the prophets, and the blood of all the servants of the LORD, at the hand of Jezebel.
2 Kings 9:17	And there stood a watchman on the tower in Jezreel, and he spied the company of Jehu as he came, and said, I see a company. And Joram said, Take an horseman, and send to meet them, and let him say, Is it peace?
2 Kings 9:27	But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And Jehu followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the chariot. And they did so at the going up to Gur, which is by Ibleam. And he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
2 Kings 9:37	And the carcass of Jezebel shall be as dung upon the face of the field in the portion of Jezreel; so that they shall not say, This is Jezebel.
2 Kings 10:10	Know now that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD, which the LORD spake concerning the house of Ahab: for the LORD hath done that which he spake by his servant Elijah.
2 Kings 10:20	And Jehu said, Proclaim a solemn assembly for Baal. And they proclaimed it.
2 Kings 10:30	And the LORD said unto Jehu, Because thou hast done well in executing that which is right in mine eyes, and hast done unto the house of Ahab according to all that was in mine heart, thy children of the fourth generation shall sit on the throne of Israel.
2 Kings 11:4	And the seventh year Jehoiada sent and fetched the rulers over hundreds, with the captains and the guard, and brought them to him into the house of the LORD, and made a covenant with them, and took an oath of them in the house of the LORD, and showed them the king's son.
2 Kings 11:14	And when she looked, behold, the king stood by a pillar, as the manner was, and the princes and the trumpeters by the king, and all the people of the land rejoiced, and blew with trumpets: and Athaliah rent her clothes, and cried, Treason, Treason.
2 Kings 12:3	But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
2 Kings 12:13	Howbeit there were not made for the house of the LORD bowls of silver, snuffers, basins, trumpets, any vessels of gold, or vessels of silver, of the money that was brought into the house of the LORD:
2 Kings 13:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, and followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not therefrom.
2 Kings 13:12	And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, and his might wherewith he fought against Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 13:22	But Hazael king of Syria oppressed Israel all the days of Jehoahaz.
2 Kings 14:7	He slew of Edom in the valley of salt ten thousand, and took Selah by war, and called the name of it Joktheel unto this day.
2 Kings 14:17	And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Jehoash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
2 Kings 14:27	And the LORD said not that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven: but he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash.
2 Kings 15:8	In the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah the son of Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months.
2 Kings 15:18	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:28	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:38	And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 16:10	And king Ahaz went to Damascus to meet Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and saw an altar that was at Damascus: and king Ahaz sent to Urijah the priest the fashion of the altar, and the pattern of it, according to all the workmanship thereof.
2 Kings 16:20	And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 17:10	And they set them up images and groves in every high hill, and under every green tree:
2 Kings 17:20	And the LORD rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight.
2 Kings 17:30	And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth, and the men of Cuth made Nergal, and the men of Hamath made Ashima,
2 Kings 17:40	Howbeit they did not hearken, but they did after their former manner.
2 Kings 18:9	And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Hezekiah, which was the seventh year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that Shalmaneser king of Assyria came up against Samaria, and besieged it.
2 Kings 18:19	And Rabshakeh said unto them, Speak ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?
2 Kings 18:29	Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand:
2 Kings 19:2	And he sent Eliakim, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests, covered with sackcloth, to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz.
2 Kings 19:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed; as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Thelasar?
2 Kings 19:22	Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.
2 Kings 19:32	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shield, nor cast a bank against it.
2 Kings 20:5	Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 20:15	And he said, What have they seen in thine house? And Hezekiah answered, All the things that are in mine house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not showed them.
2 Kings 21:4	And he built altars in the house of the LORD, of which the LORD said, In Jerusalem will I put my name.
2 Kings 21:14	And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance, and deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies;
2 Kings 21:24	And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
2 Kings 22:8	And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it.
2 Kings 22:18	But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of the LORD, thus shall ye say to him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, As touching the words which thou hast heard;
2 Kings 23:8	And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and brake down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city, which were on a man's left hand at the gate of the city.
2 Kings 23:18	And he said, Let him alone; let no man move his bones. So they let his bones alone, with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria.
2 Kings 23:28	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 24:1	In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him.
2 Kings 24:11	And Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city, and his servants did besiege it.
2 Kings 25:1	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about.
2 Kings 25:11	Now the rest of the people that were left in the city, and the fugitives that fell away to the king of Babylon, with the remnant of the multitude, did Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carry away.
2 Kings 25:21	And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was carried away out of their land.
1 Chronicles 1:1	Adam, Sheth, Enosh,
1 Chronicles 1:11	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
1 Chronicles 1:21	Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,
1 Chronicles 1:31	Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.
1 Chronicles 1:41	The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
1 Chronicles 1:51	Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,
1 Chronicles 2:7	And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.
1 Chronicles 2:17	And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite.
1 Chronicles 2:27	And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.
1 Chronicles 2:37	And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,
1 Chronicles 2:47	And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
1 Chronicles 3:2	The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
1 Chronicles 3:12	Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,
1 Chronicles 3:22	And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
1 Chronicles 4:8	And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum.
1 Chronicles 4:18	And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took.
1 Chronicles 4:28	And they dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual,
1 Chronicles 4:38	These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.
1 Chronicles 5:5	Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son,
1 Chronicles 5:15	Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 5:25	And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them.
1 Chronicles 6:9	And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,
1 Chronicles 6:19	The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.
1 Chronicles 6:29	The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,
1 Chronicles 6:39	And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,
1 Chronicles 6:49	But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded.
1 Chronicles 6:59	And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:69	And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:79	Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 7:8	And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher.
1 Chronicles 7:18	And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah.
1 Chronicles 7:28	And their possessions and habitations were, Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns thereof; Shechem also and the towns thereof, unto Gaza and the towns thereof:
1 Chronicles 7:38	And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara.
1 Chronicles 8:8	And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.
1 Chronicles 8:18	Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;
1 Chronicles 8:28	These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These dwelt in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 8:38	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel.
1 Chronicles 9:8	And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah;
1 Chronicles 9:18	Who hitherto waited in the king's gate eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi.
1 Chronicles 9:28	And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by tale.
1 Chronicles 9:38	And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren.
1 Chronicles 10:4	Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.
1 Chronicles 10:14	And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse.
1 Chronicles 11:10	These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:20	And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three.
1 Chronicles 11:30	Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite,
1 Chronicles 11:40	Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite,
1 Chronicles 12:3	The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite.
1 Chronicles 12:13	Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.
1 Chronicles 12:23	And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 12:33	Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.
1 Chronicles 13:3	And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we inquired not at it in the days of Saul.
1 Chronicles 13:13	So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
1 Chronicles 14:9	And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Chronicles 15:2	Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever.
1 Chronicles 15:12	And said unto them, Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it.
1 Chronicles 15:22	And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skillful.
1 Chronicles 16:3	And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine.
1 Chronicles 16:13	O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones.
1 Chronicles 16:23	Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; show forth from day to day his salvation.
1 Chronicles 16:33	Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth.
1 Chronicles 16:43	And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house.
1 Chronicles 17:10	And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house.
1 Chronicles 17:20	O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears.
1 Chronicles 18:3	And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates.
1 Chronicles 18:13	And he put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became David's servants. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
1 Chronicles 19:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah.
1 Chronicles 19:16	And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.
1 Chronicles 20:7	But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David's brother slew him.
1 Chronicles 21:9	And the LORD spake unto Gad, David's seer, saying,
1 Chronicles 21:19	And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 21:29	For the tabernacle of the LORD, which Moses made in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in the high place at Gibeon.
1 Chronicles 22:9	Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days.
1 Chronicles 22:19	Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 23:10	And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei.
1 Chronicles 23:20	Of the sons of Uzziel; Micah the first and Jesiah the second.
1 Chronicles 23:30	And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even:
1 Chronicles 24:8	The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim,
1 Chronicles 24:18	The three and twentieth to Delaiah, the four and twentieth to Maaziah.
1 Chronicles 24:28	Of Mahli came Eleazar, who had no sons.
1 Chronicles 25:7	So the number of them, with their brethren that were instructed in the songs of the LORD, even all that were cunning, was two hundred fourscore and eight.
1 Chronicles 25:17	The tenth to Shimei, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:27	The twentieth to Eliathah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:6	Also unto Shemaiah his son were sons born, that ruled throughout the house of their father: for they were mighty men of valor.
1 Chronicles 26:16	To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up, ward against ward.
1 Chronicles 26:26	Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of the dedicated things, which David the king, and the chief fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated.
1 Chronicles 27:4	And over the course of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite, and of his course was Mikloth also the ruler: in his course likewise were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:14	The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:24	Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number, but he finished not, because there fell wrath for it against Israel; neither was the number put in the account of the chronicles of king David.
1 Chronicles 27:34	And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and the general of the king's army was Joab.
1 Chronicles 28:10	Take heed now; for the LORD hath chosen thee to build an house for the sanctuary: be strong, and do it.
1 Chronicles 28:20	And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the LORD God, even my God, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the work for the service of the house of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 29:9	Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and David the king also rejoiced with great joy.
1 Chronicles 29:19	And give unto Solomon my son a perfect heart, to keep thy commandments, thy testimonies, and thy statutes, and to do all these things, and to build the palace, for the which I have made provision.
1 Chronicles 29:29	Now the acts of David the king, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the book of Gad the seer,
2 Chronicles 1:9	Now, O LORD God, let thy promise unto David my father be established: for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude.
2 Chronicles 2:2	And Solomon told out threescore and ten thousand men to bear burdens, and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred to oversee them.
2 Chronicles 2:12	Huram said moreover, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, that made heaven and earth, who hath given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understanding, that might build an house for the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
2 Chronicles 3:4	And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure gold.
2 Chronicles 3:14	And he made the vail of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine linen, and wrought cherubim thereon.
2 Chronicles 4:7	And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form, and set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left.
2 Chronicles 4:17	In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah.
2 Chronicles 5:5	And they brought up the ark, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, these did the priests and the Levites bring up.
2 Chronicles 6:1	Then said Solomon, The LORD hath said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.
2 Chronicles 6:11	And in it have I put the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, that he made with the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:21	Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, which they shall make toward this place: hear thou from thy dwelling place, even from heaven; and when thou hearest, forgive.
2 Chronicles 6:31	That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.
2 Chronicles 6:41	Now therefore arise, O LORD God, into thy resting place, thou, and the ark of thy strength: let thy priests, O LORD God, be clothed with salvation, and let thy saints rejoice in goodness.
2 Chronicles 7:9	And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days.
2 Chronicles 7:19	But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them;
2 Chronicles 8:7	As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which were not of Israel,
2 Chronicles 8:17	Then went Solomon to Eziongeber, and to Eloth, at the sea side in the land of Edom.
2 Chronicles 9:9	And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices great abundance, and precious stones: neither was there any such spice as the queen of Sheba gave king Solomon.
2 Chronicles 9:19	And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps. There was not the like made in any kingdom.
2 Chronicles 9:29	Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat?
2 Chronicles 10:8	But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him.
2 Chronicles 10:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute; and the children of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 11:9	And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah,
2 Chronicles 11:19	Which bare him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham.
2 Chronicles 12:6	Whereupon the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves; and they said, The LORD is righteous.
2 Chronicles 12:16	And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Abijah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 13:10	But as for us, the LORD is our God, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which minister unto the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their business:
2 Chronicles 13:20	Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died.
2 Chronicles 14:8	And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty men of valor.
2 Chronicles 15:3	Now for a long season Israel hath been without the true God, and without a teaching priest, and without law.
2 Chronicles 15:13	That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman.
2 Chronicles 16:4	And Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali.
2 Chronicles 16:14	And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odorous and divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very great burning for him.
2 Chronicles 17:10	And the fear of the LORD fell upon all the kingdoms of the lands that were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat.
2 Chronicles 18:1	Now Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab.
2 Chronicles 18:11	And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.
2 Chronicles 18:21	And he said, I will go out, and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And the Lord said, Thou shalt entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and do even so.
2 Chronicles 18:31	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel. Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him.
2 Chronicles 19:7	Wherefore now let the fear of the LORD be upon you; take heed and do it: for there is no iniquity with the LORD our God, nor respect of persons, nor taking of gifts.
2 Chronicles 20:6	And said, O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in heaven? and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen? and in thine hand is there not power and might, so that none is able to withstand thee?
2 Chronicles 20:16	To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel.
2 Chronicles 20:26	And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of Berachah; for there they blessed the LORD: therefore the name of the same place was called, The valley of Berachah, unto this day.
2 Chronicles 20:36	And he joined himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish: and they made the ships in Eziongaber.
2 Chronicles 21:9	Then Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots.
2 Chronicles 21:19	And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.
2 Chronicles 22:9	And he sought Ahaziah: and they caught him, (for he was hid in Samaria,) and brought him to Jehu: and when they had slain him, they buried him: Because, said they, he is the son of Jehoshaphat, who sought the LORD with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep still the kingdom.
2 Chronicles 23:7	And the Levites shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth out.
2 Chronicles 23:17	Then all the people went to the house of Baal, and brake it down, and brake his altars and his images in pieces, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars.
2 Chronicles 24:6	And the king called for Jehoiada the chief, and said unto him, Why hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the collection, according to the commandment of Moses the servant of the LORD, and of the congregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness?
2 Chronicles 24:16	And they buried him in the city of David among the kings, because he had done good in Israel, both toward God, and toward his house.
2 Chronicles 24:26	And these are they that conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.
2 Chronicles 25:9	And Amaziah said to the man of God, But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of Israel? And the man of God answered, The LORD is able to give thee much more than this.
2 Chronicles 25:19	Thou sayest, Lo, thou hast smitten the Edomites; and thine heart lifteth thee up to boast: abide now at home; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?
2 Chronicles 26:1	Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the room of his father Amaziah.
2 Chronicles 26:11	Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king's captains.
2 Chronicles 26:21	And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and Jotham his son was over the king's house, judging the people of the land.
2 Chronicles 27:8	He was five and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 28:9	But a prophet of the LORD was there, whose name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said unto them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah, he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye have slain them in a rage that reacheth up unto heaven.
2 Chronicles 28:19	For the LORD brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel; for he made Judah naked, and transgressed sore against the LORD.
2 Chronicles 29:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father had done.
2 Chronicles 29:12	Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of Amasai, and Joel the son of Azariah, of the sons of the Kohathites: and of the sons of Merari, Kish the son of Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and of the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and Eden the son of Joah:
2 Chronicles 29:22	So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood, and sprinkled it on the altar: likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the blood upon the altar: they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar.
2 Chronicles 29:32	And the number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD.
2 Chronicles 30:6	So the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all Israel and Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying, Ye children of Israel, turn again unto the LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
2 Chronicles 30:16	And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of Moses the man of God: the priests sprinkled the blood, which they received of the hand of the Levites.
2 Chronicles 30:26	So there was great joy in Jerusalem: for since the time of Solomon the son of David king of Israel there was not the like in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 31:9	Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps.
2 Chronicles 31:19	Also of the sons of Aaron the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities, in every several city, the men that were expressed by name, to give portions to all the males among the priests, and to all that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites.
2 Chronicles 32:8	With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD our God to help us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah.
2 Chronicles 32:18	Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble them; that they might take the city.
2 Chronicles 32:28	Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks.
2 Chronicles 33:5	And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 33:15	And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of the city.
2 Chronicles 33:25	But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
2 Chronicles 34:10	And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house of the LORD, and they gave it to the workmen that wrought in the house of the LORD, to repair and amend the house:
2 Chronicles 34:20	And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying,
2 Chronicles 34:30	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 35:7	And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the passover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's substance.
2 Chronicles 35:17	And the children of Israel that were present kept the passover at that time, and the feast of unleavened bread seven days.
2 Chronicles 35:27	And his deeds, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
2 Chronicles 36:10	And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:20	And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:
Ezra 1:7	Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;
Ezra 2:6	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.
Ezra 2:16	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Ezra 2:26	The children of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.
Ezra 2:36	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
Ezra 2:46	The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,
Ezra 2:56	The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
Ezra 2:66	Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five;
Ezra 3:6	From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the temple of the LORD was not yet laid.
Ezra 4:3	But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us.
Ezra 4:13	Be it known now unto the king, that, if this city be builded, and the walls set up again, then will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.
Ezra 4:23	Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes' letter was read before Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem unto the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.
Ezra 5:9	Then asked we those elders, and said unto them thus, Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls?
Ezra 6:2	And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus written:
Ezra 6:12	And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed.
Ezra 6:22	And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy: for the LORD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel.
Ezra 7:10	For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.
Ezra 7:20	And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house.
Ezra 8:2	Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush.
Ezra 8:12	And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.
Ezra 8:22	For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him.
Ezra 8:32	And we came to Jerusalem, and abode there three days.
Ezra 9:6	And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens.
Ezra 10:1	Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children: for the people wept very sore.
Ezra 10:11	Now therefore make confession unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the strange wives.
Ezra 10:21	And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah.
Ezra 10:31	And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon,
Ezra 10:41	Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah,
Nehemiah 1:7	We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses.
Nehemiah 2:6	And the king said unto me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how long shall thy journey be? and when wilt thou return? So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.
Nehemiah 2:16	And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what I did; neither had I as yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work.
Nehemiah 3:6	Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Nehemiah 3:16	After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.
Nehemiah 3:26	Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel, unto the place over against the water gate toward the east, and the tower that lieth out.
Nehemiah 4:4	Hear, O our God; for we are despised: and turn their reproach upon their own head, and give them for a prey in the land of captivity:
Nehemiah 4:14	And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the LORD, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses.
Nehemiah 5:1	And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their brethren the Jews.
Nehemiah 5:11	Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, and their houses, also the hundredth part of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, that ye exact of them.
Nehemiah 6:2	That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief.
Nehemiah 6:12	And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.
Nehemiah 7:3	And I said unto them, Let not the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar them: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, every one in his watch, and every one to be over against his house.
Nehemiah 7:13	The children of Zattu, eight hundred forty and five.
Nehemiah 7:23	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four.
Nehemiah 7:33	The men of the other Nebo, fifty and two.
Nehemiah 7:43	The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four.
Nehemiah 7:53	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
Nehemiah 7:63	And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name.
Nehemiah 7:73	So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities.
Nehemiah 8:10	Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our LORD: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.
Nehemiah 9:2	And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers.
Nehemiah 9:12	Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.
Nehemiah 9:22	Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan.
Nehemiah 9:32	Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on all thy people, since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day.
Nehemiah 10:4	Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch,
Nehemiah 10:14	The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani,
Nehemiah 10:24	Hallohesh, Pileha, Shobek,
Nehemiah 10:34	And we cast the lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for the wood offering, to bring it into the house of our God, after the houses of our fathers, at times appointed year by year, to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God, as it is written in the law:
Nehemiah 11:5	And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni.
Nehemiah 11:15	Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni;
Nehemiah 11:25	And for the villages, with their fields, some of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjatharba, and in the villages thereof, and at Dibon, and in the villages thereof, and at Jekabzeel, and in the villages thereof,
Nehemiah 11:35	Lod, and Ono, the valley of craftsmen.
Nehemiah 12:9	Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, were over against them in the watches.
Nehemiah 12:19	And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;
Nehemiah 12:29	Also from the house of Gilgal, and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth: for the singers had builded them villages round about Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 12:39	And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate.
Nehemiah 13:2	Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing.
Nehemiah 13:12	Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries.
Nehemiah 13:22	And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy.
Esther 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)
Esther 1:11	To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.
Esther 1:21	And the saying pleased the king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan:
Esther 2:9	And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women.
Esther 2:19	And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king's gate.
Esther 3:6	And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.
Esther 4:1	When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry;
Esther 4:11	All the king's servants, and the people of the king's provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or women, shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days.
Esther 5:4	And Esther answered, If it seem good unto the king, let the king and Haman come this day unto the banquet that I have prepared for him.
Esther 5:14	Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high, and to morrow speak thou unto the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon: then go thou in merrily with the king unto the banquet. And the thing pleased Haman; and he caused the gallows to be made.
Esther 6:10	Then the king said to Haman, Make haste, and take the apparel and the horse, as thou hast said, and do even so to Mordecai the Jew, that sitteth at the king's gate: let nothing fail of all that thou hast spoken.
Esther 7:6	And Esther said, The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman. Then Haman was afraid before the king and the queen.
Esther 8:6	For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people? or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?
Esther 8:16	The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour.
Esther 9:9	And Parmashta, and Arisai, and Aridai, and Vajezatha,
Esther 9:19	Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another.
Esther 9:29	Then Esther the queen, the daughter of Abihail, and Mordecai the Jew, wrote with all authority, to confirm this second letter of Purim.
Job 1:4	And his sons went and feasted in their houses, every one his day; and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with them.
Job 1:14	And there came a messenger unto Job, and said, The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them:
Job 2:2	And the LORD said unto Satan, From whence comest thou? And Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
Job 2:12	And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every one his mantle, and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven.
Job 3:9	Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:
Job 3:19	The small and great are there; and the servant is free from his master.
Job 4:3	Behold, thou hast instructed many, and thou hast strengthened the weak hands.
Job 4:13	In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth on men,
Job 5:2	For wrath killeth the foolish man, and envy slayeth the silly one.
Job 5:12	He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise.
Job 5:22	At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth.
Job 6:5	Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass? or loweth the ox over his fodder?
Job 6:15	My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks they pass away;
Job 6:25	How forcible are right words! but what doth your arguing reprove?
Job 7:5	My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome.
Job 7:15	So that my soul chooseth strangling, and death rather than my life.
Job 8:4	If thy children have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgression;
Job 8:14	Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider's web.
Job 9:2	I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be just with God?
Job 9:12	Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou?
Job 9:22	This is one thing, therefore I said it, He destroyeth the perfect and the wicked.
Job 9:32	For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment.
Job 10:7	Thou knowest that I am not wicked; and there is none that can deliver out of thine hand.
Job 10:17	Thou renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine indignation upon me; changes and war are against me.
Job 11:5	But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against thee;
Job 11:15	For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be stedfast, and shalt not fear:
Job 12:5	He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in the thought of him that is at ease.
Job 12:15	Behold, he withholdeth the waters, and they dry up: also he sendeth them out, and they overturn the earth.
Job 12:25	They grope in the dark without light, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man.
Job 13:10	He will surely reprove you, if ye do secretly accept persons.
Job 13:20	Only do not two things unto me: then will I not hide myself from thee.
Job 14:2	He cometh forth like a flower, and is cut down: he fleeth also as a shadow, and continueth not.
Job 14:12	So man lieth down, and riseth not: till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep.
Job 14:22	But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul within him shall mourn.
Job 15:10	With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men, much elder than thy father.
Job 15:20	The wicked man travaileth with pain all his days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor.
Job 15:30	He shall not depart out of darkness; the flame shall dry up his branches, and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away.
Job 16:5	But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief.
Job 16:15	I have sewed sackcloth upon my skin, and defiled my horn in the dust.
Job 17:3	Lay down now, put me in a surety with thee; who is he that will strike hands with me?
Job 17:13	If I wait, the grave is mine house: I have made my bed in the darkness.
Job 18:7	The steps of his strength shall be straitened, and his own counsel shall cast him down.
Job 18:17	His remembrance shall perish from the earth, and he shall have no name in the street.
Job 19:6	Know now that God hath overthrown me, and hath compassed me with his net.
Job 19:16	I called my servant, and he gave me no answer; I intreated him with my mouth.
Job 19:26	And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:
Job 20:7	Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen him shall say, Where is he?
Job 20:17	He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey and butter.
Job 20:27	The heaven shall reveal his iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him.
Job 21:8	Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes.
Job 21:18	They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the storm carrieth away.
Job 21:28	For ye say, Where is the house of the prince? and where are the dwelling places of the wicked?
Job 22:4	Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment?
Job 22:14	Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the circuit of heaven.
Job 22:24	Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks.
Job 23:4	I would order my cause before him, and fill my mouth with arguments.
Job 23:14	For he performeth the thing that is appointed for me: and many such things are with him.
Job 24:7	They cause the naked to lodge without clothing, that they have no covering in the cold.
Job 24:17	For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death: if one know them, they are in the terrors of the shadow of death.
Job 25:2	Dominion and fear are with him, he maketh peace in his high places.
Job 26:6	Hell is naked before him, and destruction hath no covering.
Job 27:2	As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul;
Job 27:12	Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain?
Job 27:22	For God shall cast upon him, and not spare: he would fain flee out of his hand.
Job 28:9	He putteth forth his hand upon the rock; he overturneth the mountains by the roots.
Job 28:19	The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it, neither shall it be valued with pure gold.
Job 29:1	Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
Job 29:11	When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me:
Job 29:21	Unto me men gave ear, and waited, and kept silence at my counsel.
Job 30:6	To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the rocks.
Job 30:16	And now my soul is poured out upon me; the days of affliction have taken hold upon me.
Job 30:26	When I looked for good, then evil came unto me: and when I waited for light, there came darkness.
Job 31:5	If I have walked with vanity, or if my foot hath hasted to deceit;
Job 31:15	Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one fashion us in the womb?
Job 31:25	If I rejoice because my wealth was great, and because mine hand had gotten much;
Job 31:35	Oh that one would hear me! behold, my desire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that mine adversary had written a book.
Job 32:5	When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men, then his wrath was kindled.
Job 32:15	They were amazed, they answered no more: they left off speaking.
Job 33:3	My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly.
Job 33:13	Why dost thou strive against him? for he giveth not account of any of his matters.
Job 33:23	If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to shew unto man his uprightness:
Job 33:33	If not, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I shall teach thee wisdom.
Job 34:10	Therefore hearken unto me ye men of understanding: far be it from God, that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should commit iniquity.
Job 34:20	In a moment shall they die, and the people shall be troubled at midnight, and pass away: and the mighty shall be taken away without hand.
Job 34:30	That the hypocrite reign not, lest the people be ensnared.
Job 35:3	For thou saidst, What advantage will it be unto thee? and, What profit shall I have, if I be cleansed from my sin?
Job 35:13	Surely God will not hear vanity, neither will the Almighty regard it.
Job 36:7	He withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on the throne; yea, he doth establish them for ever, and they are exalted.
Job 36:17	But thou hast fulfilled the judgment of the wicked: judgment and justice take hold on thee.
Job 36:27	For he maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof:
Job 37:4	After it a voice roareth: he thundereth with the voice of his excellency; and he will not stay them when his voice is heard.
Job 37:14	Hearken unto this, O Job: stand still, and consider the wondrous works of God.
Job 37:24	Men do therefore fear him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart.
Job 38:10	And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors,
Job 38:20	That thou shouldest take it to the bound thereof, and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house thereof?
Job 38:30	The waters are hid as with a stone, and the face of the deep is frozen.
Job 38:40	When they couch in their dens, and abide in the covert to lie in wait?
Job 39:9	Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib?
Job 39:19	Hast thou given the horse strength? hast thou clothed his neck with thunder?
Job 39:29	From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.
Job 40:9	Hast thou an arm like God? or canst thou thunder with a voice like him?
Job 40:19	He is the chief of the ways of God: he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him.
Job 41:5	Wilt thou play with him as with a bird? or wilt thou bind him for thy maidens?
Job 41:15	His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close seal.
Job 41:25	When he raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves.
Job 42:1	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
Job 42:11	Then came there unto him all his brethren, and all his sisters, and all they that had been of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in his house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him: every man also gave him a piece of money, and every one an earring of gold.
Psalms 1:4	The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away.
Psalms 2:8	Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.
Psalms 3:6	I will not be afraid of ten thousands of people, that have set themselves against me round about.
Psalms 4:8	I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for thou, LORD, only makest me dwell in safety.
Psalms 5:10	Destroy thou them, O God; let them fall by their own counsels; cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions; for they have rebelled against thee.
Psalms 6:8	Depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity; for the LORD hath heard the voice of my weeping.
Psalms 7:8	The LORD shall judge the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness, and according to mine integrity that is in me.
Psalms 8:1	O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens.
Psalms 9:2	I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High.
Psalms 9:12	When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble.
Psalms 10:2	The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined.
Psalms 10:12	Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble.
Psalms 11:4	The LORD is in his holy temple, the LORD's throne is in heaven: his eyes behold, his eyelids try, the children of men.
Psalms 12:7	Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this generation for ever.
Psalms 14:3	They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy: there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Psalms 16:1	Preserve me, O God: for in thee do I put my trust.
Psalms 16:11	Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore.
Psalms 17:10	They are inclosed in their own fat: with their mouth they speak proudly.
Psalms 18:5	The sorrows of hell compassed me about: the snares of death prevented me.
Psalms 18:15	Then the channels of waters were seen, and the foundations of the world were discovered at thy rebuke, O LORD, at the blast of the breath of thy nostrils.
Psalms 18:25	With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful; with an upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright;
Psalms 18:35	Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and thy right hand hath holden me up, and thy gentleness hath made me great.
Psalms 18:45	The strangers shall fade away, and be afraid out of their close places.
Psalms 19:5	Which is as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber, and rejoiceth as a strong man to run a race.
Psalms 20:1	The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of the God of Jacob defend thee;
Psalms 21:2	Thou hast given him his heart's desire, and hast not withholden the request of his lips. Selah.
Psalms 21:12	Therefore shalt thou make them turn their back, when thou shalt make ready thine arrows upon thy strings against the face of them.
Psalms 22:9	But thou art he that took me out of the womb: thou didst make me hope when I was upon my mother's breasts.
Psalms 22:19	But be not thou far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste thee to help me.
Psalms 22:29	All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship: all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive his own soul.
Psalms 24:2	For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods.
Psalms 25:2	O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.
Psalms 25:12	What man is he that feareth the LORD? him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose.
Psalms 25:22	Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.
Psalms 26:10	In whose hands is mischief, and their right hand is full of bribes.
Psalms 27:8	When thou saidst, Seek ye my face; my heart said unto thee, Thy face, LORD, will I seek.
Psalms 28:4	Give them according to their deeds, and according to the wickedness of their endeavours: give them after the work of their hands; render to them their desert.
Psalms 29:5	The voice of the LORD breaketh the cedars; yea, the LORD breaketh the cedars of Lebanon.
Psalms 30:4	Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.
Psalms 31:2	Bow down thine ear to me; deliver me speedily: be thou my strong rock, for an house of defence to save me.
Psalms 31:12	I am forgotten as a dead man out of mind: I am like a broken vessel.
Psalms 31:22	For I said in my haste, I am cut off from before thine eyes: nevertheless thou heardest the voice of my supplications when I cried unto thee.
Psalms 32:8	I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go: I will guide thee with mine eye.
Psalms 33:7	He gathereth the waters of the sea together as an heap: he layeth up the depth in storehouses.
Psalms 33:17	An horse is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his great strength.
Psalms 34:5	They looked unto him, and were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed.
Psalms 34:15	The eyes of the LORD are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry.
Psalms 35:3	Draw out also the spear, and stop the way against them that persecute me: say unto my soul, I am thy salvation.
Psalms 35:13	But as for me, when they were sick, my clothing was sackcloth: I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom.
Psalms 35:23	Stir up thyself, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause, my God and my Lord.
Psalms 36:5	Thy mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and thy faithfulness reacheth unto the clouds.
Psalms 37:3	Trust in the LORD, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.
Psalms 37:13	The LORD shall laugh at him: for he seeth that his day is coming.
Psalms 37:23	The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.
Psalms 37:33	The LORD will not leave him in his hand, nor condemn him when he is judged.
Psalms 38:3	There is no soundness in my flesh because of thine anger; neither is there any rest in my bones because of my sin.
Psalms 38:13	But I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth.
Psalms 39:1	I said, I will take heed to my ways, that I sin not with my tongue: I will keep my mouth with a bridle, while the wicked is before me.
Psalms 39:11	When thou with rebukes dost correct man for iniquity, thou makest his beauty to consume away like a moth: surely every man is vanity. Selah.
Psalms 40:8	I delight to do thy will, O my God: yea, thy law is within my heart.
Psalms 41:1	Blessed is he that considereth the poor: the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble.
Psalms 41:11	By this I know that thou favourest me, because mine enemy doth not triumph over me.
Psalms 42:8	Yet the LORD will command his lovingkindness in the day time, and in the night his song shall be with me, and my prayer unto the God of my life.
Psalms 44:2	How thou didst drive out the heathen with thy hand, and plantedst them; how thou didst afflict the people, and cast them out.
Psalms 44:12	Thou sellest thy people for nought, and dost not increase thy wealth by their price.
Psalms 44:22	Yea, for thy sake are we killed all the day long; we are counted as sheep for the slaughter.
Psalms 45:6	Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.
Psalms 45:16	Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children, whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth.
Psalms 46:9	He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire.
Psalms 47:8	God reigneth over the heathen: God sitteth upon the throne of his holiness.
Psalms 48:9	We have thought of thy lovingkindness, O God, in the midst of thy temple.
Psalms 49:5	Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about?
Psalms 49:15	But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for he shall receive me. Selah.
Psalms 50:5	Gather my saints together unto me; those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.
Psalms 50:15	And call upon me in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me.
Psalms 51:2	Wash me throughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin.
Psalms 51:12	Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit.
Psalms 52:3	Thou lovest evil more than good; and lying rather than to speak righteousness. Selah.
Psalms 53:4	Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread: they have not called upon God.
Psalms 55:1	Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from my supplication.
Psalms 55:11	Wickedness is in the midst thereof: deceit and guile depart not from her streets.
Psalms 55:21	The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords.
Psalms 56:8	Thou tellest my wanderings: put thou my tears into thy bottle: are they not in thy book?
Psalms 57:5	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens; let thy glory be above all the earth.
Psalms 58:4	Their poison is like the poison of a serpent: they are like the deaf adder that stoppeth her ear;
Psalms 59:3	For, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered against me; not for my transgression, nor for my sin, O LORD.
Psalms 59:13	Consume them in wrath, consume them, that they may not be: and let them know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth. Selah.
Psalms 60:6	God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Psalms 61:4	I will abide in thy tabernacle for ever: I will trust in the covert of thy wings. Selah.
Psalms 62:6	He only is my rock and my salvation: he is my defence; I shall not be moved.
Psalms 63:4	Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name.
Psalms 64:3	Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows, even bitter words:
Psalms 65:3	Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away.
Psalms 65:13	The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covered over with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing.
Psalms 66:10	For thou, O God, hast proved us: thou hast tried us, as silver is tried.
Psalms 66:20	Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me.
Psalms 68:3	But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them exceedingly rejoice.
Psalms 68:13	Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.
Psalms 68:23	That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same.
Psalms 68:33	To him that rideth upon the heavens of heavens, which were of old; lo, he doth send out his voice, and that a mighty voice.
Psalms 69:8	I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and an alien unto my mother's children.
Psalms 69:18	Draw nigh unto my soul, and redeem it: deliver me because of mine enemies.
Psalms 69:28	Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.
Psalms 70:2	Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul: let them be turned backward, and put to confusion, that desire my hurt.
Psalms 71:7	I am as a wonder unto many; but thou art my strong refuge.
Psalms 71:17	O God, thou hast taught me from my youth: and hitherto have I declared thy wondrous works.
Psalms 72:3	The mountains shall bring peace to the people, and the little hills, by righteousness.
Psalms 72:13	He shall spare the poor and needy, and shall save the souls of the needy.
Psalms 73:3	For I was envious at the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.
Psalms 73:13	Verily I have cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocency.
Psalms 73:23	Nevertheless I am continually with thee: thou hast holden me by my right hand.
Psalms 74:5	A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees.
Psalms 74:15	Thou didst cleave the fountain and the flood: thou driedst up mighty rivers.
Psalms 75:2	When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly.
Psalms 76:2	In Salem also is his tabernacle, and his dwelling place in Zion.
Psalms 76:12	He shall cut off the spirit of princes: he is terrible to the kings of the earth.
Psalms 77:10	And I said, This is my infirmity: but I will remember the years of the right hand of the most High.
Psalms 77:20	Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron.
Psalms 78:10	They kept not the covenant of God, and refused to walk in his law;
Psalms 78:20	Behold, he smote the rock, that the waters gushed out, and the streams overflowed; can he give bread also? can he provide flesh for his people?
Psalms 78:30	They were not estranged from their lust. But while their meat was yet in their mouths,
Psalms 78:40	How oft did they provoke him in the wilderness, and grieve him in the desert!
Psalms 78:50	He made a way to his anger; he spared not their soul from death, but gave their life over to the pestilence;
Psalms 78:60	So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh, the tent which he placed among men;
Psalms 78:70	He chose David also his servant, and took him from the sheepfolds:
Psalms 79:8	O remember not against us former iniquities: let thy tender mercies speedily prevent us: for we are brought very low.
Psalms 80:5	Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in great measure.
Psalms 80:15	And the vineyard which thy right hand hath planted, and the branch that thou madest strong for thyself.
Psalms 81:6	I removed his shoulder from the burden: his hands were delivered from the pots.
Psalms 81:16	He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat: and with honey out of the rock should I have satisfied thee.
Psalms 83:2	For, lo, thine enemies make a tumult: and they that hate thee have lifted up the head.
Psalms 83:12	Who said, Let us take to ourselves the houses of God in possession.
Psalms 84:4	Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be still praising thee. Selah.
Psalms 85:2	Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people, thou hast covered all their sin. Selah.
Psalms 85:12	Yea, the LORD shall give that which is good; and our land shall yield her increase.
Psalms 86:9	All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee, O Lord; and shall glorify thy name.
Psalms 87:2	The LORD loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob.
Psalms 88:5	Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom thou rememberest no more: and they are cut off from thy hand.
Psalms 88:15	I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer thy terrors I am distracted.
Psalms 89:7	God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him.
Psalms 89:17	For thou art the glory of their strength: and in thy favour our horn shall be exalted.
Psalms 89:27	Also I will make him my firstborn, higher than the kings of the earth.
Psalms 89:37	It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah.
Psalms 89:47	Remember how short my time is: wherefore hast thou made all men in vain?
Psalms 90:5	Thou carriest them away as with a flood; they are as a sleep: in the morning they are like grass which groweth up.
Psalms 90:15	Make us glad according to the days wherein thou hast afflicted us, and the years wherein we have seen evil.
Psalms 91:8	Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.
Psalms 92:2	To shew forth thy lovingkindness in the morning, and thy faithfulness every night,
Psalms 92:12	The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree: he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.
Psalms 94:2	Lift up thyself, thou judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud.
Psalms 94:12	Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest, O LORD, and teachest him out of thy law;
Psalms 94:22	But the LORD is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge.
Psalms 95:9	When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my work.
Psalms 96:8	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts.
Psalms 97:5	The hills melted like wax at the presence of the LORD, at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth.
Psalms 98:3	He hath remembered his mercy and his truth toward the house of Israel: all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
Psalms 99:4	The king's strength also loveth judgment; thou dost establish equity, thou executest judgment and righteousness in Jacob.
Psalms 100:5	For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations.
Psalms 102:2	Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.
Psalms 102:12	But thou, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations.
Psalms 102:22	When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the LORD.
Psalms 103:4	Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;
Psalms 103:14	For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust.
Psalms 104:2	Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment: who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain:
Psalms 104:12	By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches.
Psalms 104:22	The sun ariseth, they gather themselves together, and lay them down in their dens.
Psalms 104:32	He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth: he toucheth the hills, and they smoke.
Psalms 105:7	He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth.
Psalms 105:17	He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:
Psalms 105:27	They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham.
Psalms 105:37	He brought them forth also with silver and gold: and there was not one feeble person among their tribes.
Psalms 106:2	Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD? who can shew forth all his praise?
Psalms 106:12	Then believed they his words; they sang his praise.
Psalms 106:22	Wondrous works in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Red sea.
Psalms 106:32	They angered him also at the waters of strife, so that it went ill with Moses for their sakes:
Psalms 106:42	Their enemies also oppressed them, and they were brought into subjection under their hand.
Psalms 107:4	They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they found no city to dwell in.
Psalms 107:14	He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and brake their bands in sunder.
Psalms 107:24	These see the works of the LORD, and his wonders in the deep.
Psalms 107:34	A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein.
Psalms 108:1	O god, my heart is fixed; I will sing and give praise, even with my glory.
Psalms 108:11	Wilt not thou, O God, who hast cast us off? and wilt not thou, O God, go forth with our hosts?
Psalms 109:8	Let his days be few; and let another take his office.
Psalms 109:18	As he clothed himself with cursing like as with his garment, so let it come into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.
Psalms 109:28	Let them curse, but bless thou: when they arise, let them be ashamed; but let thy servant rejoice.
Psalms 110:7	He shall drink of the brook in the way: therefore shall he lift up the head.
Psalms 111:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments: his praise endureth for ever.
Psalms 112:10	The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he shall gnash with his teeth, and melt away: the desire of the wicked shall perish.
Psalms 114:1	When Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people of strange language;
Psalms 115:3	But our God is in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath pleased.
Psalms 115:13	He will bless them that fear the LORD, both small and great.
Psalms 116:5	Gracious is the LORD, and righteous; yea, our God is merciful.
Psalms 116:15	Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints.
Psalms 118:4	Let them now that fear the LORD say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 118:14	The LORD is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.
Psalms 118:24	This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Psalms 119:5	O that my ways were directed to keep thy statutes!
Psalms 119:15	I will meditate in thy precepts, and have respect unto thy ways.
Psalms 119:25	My soul cleaveth unto the dust: quicken thou me according to thy word.
Psalms 119:35	Make me to go in the path of thy commandments; for therein do I delight.
Psalms 119:45	And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts.
Psalms 119:55	I have remembered thy name, O LORD, in the night, and have kept thy law.
Psalms 119:65	Thou hast dealt well with thy servant, O LORD, according unto thy word.
Psalms 119:75	I know, O LORD, that thy judgments are right, and that thou in faithfulness hast afflicted me.
Psalms 119:85	The proud have digged pits for me, which are not after thy law.
Psalms 119:95	The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will consider thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:105	Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
Psalms 119:115	Depart from me, ye evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my God.
Psalms 119:125	I am thy servant; give me understanding, that I may know thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:135	Make thy face to shine upon thy servant; and teach me thy statutes.
Psalms 119:145	I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O LORD: I will keep thy statutes.
Psalms 119:155	Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not thy statutes.
Psalms 119:165	Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.
Psalms 119:175	Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help me.
Psalms 121:2	My help cometh from the LORD, which made heaven and earth.
Psalms 122:4	Whither the tribes go up, the tribes of the LORD, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the LORD.
Psalms 124:1	If it had not been the LORD who was on our side, now may Israel say;
Psalms 125:3	For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous; lest the righteous put forth their hands unto iniquity.
Psalms 127:2	It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he giveth his beloved sleep.
Psalms 129:1	Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth, may Israel now say:
Psalms 130:3	If thou, LORD, shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand?
Psalms 132:2	How he sware unto the LORD, and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob;
Psalms 132:12	If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach them, their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore.
Psalms 134:1	Behold, bless ye the LORD, all ye servants of the LORD, which by night stand in the house of the LORD.
Psalms 135:8	Who smote the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and beast.
Psalms 135:18	They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them.
Psalms 136:7	To him that made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 136:17	To him which smote great kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 137:1	By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion.
Psalms 138:2	I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name.
Psalms 139:4	For there is not a word in my tongue, but, lo, O LORD, thou knowest it altogether.
Psalms 139:14	I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.
Psalms 139:24	And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting.
Psalms 140:10	Let burning coals fall upon them: let them be cast into the fire; into deep pits, that they rise not up again.
Psalms 141:7	Our bones are scattered at the grave's mouth, as when one cutteth and cleaveth wood upon the earth.
Psalms 142:7	Bring my soul out of prison, that I may praise thy name: the righteous shall compass me about; for thou shalt deal bountifully with me.
Psalms 143:10	Teach me to do thy will; for thou art my God: thy spirit is good; lead me into the land of uprightness.
Psalms 144:8	Whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood.
Psalms 145:3	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable.
Psalms 145:13	Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations.
Psalms 146:2	While I live will I praise the LORD: I will sing praises unto my God while I have any being.
Psalms 147:2	The LORD doth build up Jerusalem: he gathereth together the outcasts of Israel.
Psalms 147:12	Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem; praise thy God, O Zion.
Psalms 148:2	Praise ye him, all his angels: praise ye him, all his hosts.
Psalms 148:12	Both young men, and maidens; old men, and children:
Psalms 149:8	To bind their kings with chains, and their nobles with fetters of iron;
Proverbs 1:3	To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity;
Proverbs 1:13	We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:
Proverbs 1:23	Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you.
Proverbs 1:33	But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil.
Proverbs 2:10	When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul;
Proverbs 2:20	That thou mayest walk in the way of good men, and keep the paths of the righteous.
Proverbs 3:8	It shall be health to thy navel, and marrow to thy bones.
Proverbs 3:18	She is a tree of life to them that lay hold upon her: and happy is every one that retaineth her.
Proverbs 3:28	Say not unto thy neighbour, Go, and come again, and to morrow I will give; when thou hast it by thee.
Proverbs 4:3	For I was my father's son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother.
Proverbs 4:13	Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: keep her; for she is thy life.
Proverbs 4:23	Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.
Proverbs 5:6	Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.
Proverbs 5:16	Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.
Proverbs 6:3	Do this now, my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand of thy friend; go, humble thyself, and make sure thy friend.
Proverbs 6:13	He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers;
Proverbs 6:23	For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life:
Proverbs 6:33	A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away.
Proverbs 7:8	Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,
Proverbs 7:18	Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves.
Proverbs 8:1	Doth not wisdom cry? and understanding put forth her voice?
Proverbs 8:11	For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.
Proverbs 8:21	That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance; and I will fill their treasures.
Proverbs 8:31	Rejoicing in the habitable part of his earth; and my delights were with the sons of men.
Proverbs 9:5	Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have mingled.
Proverbs 9:15	To call passengers who go right on their ways:
Proverbs 10:7	The memory of the just is blessed: but the name of the wicked shall rot.
Proverbs 10:17	He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction: but he that refuseth reproof erreth.
Proverbs 10:27	The fear of the LORD prolongeth days: but the years of the wicked shall be shortened.
Proverbs 11:5	The righteousness of the perfect shall direct his way: but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness.
Proverbs 11:15	He that is surety for a stranger shall smart for it: and he that hateth suretiship is sure.
Proverbs 11:25	The liberal soul shall be made fat: and he that watereth shall be watered also himself.
Proverbs 12:4	A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that maketh ashamed is as rottenness in his bones.
Proverbs 12:14	A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recompence of a man's hands shall be rendered unto him.
Proverbs 12:24	The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute.
Proverbs 13:6	Righteousness keepeth him that is upright in the way: but wickedness overthroweth the sinner.
Proverbs 13:16	Every prudent man dealeth with knowledge: but a fool layeth open his folly.
Proverbs 14:1	Every wise woman buildeth her house: but the foolish plucketh it down with her hands.
Proverbs 14:11	The house of the wicked shall be overthrown: but the tabernacle of the upright shall flourish.
Proverbs 14:21	He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth: but he that hath mercy on the poor, happy is he.
Proverbs 14:31	He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker: but he that honoureth him hath mercy on the poor.
Proverbs 15:6	In the house of the righteous is much treasure: but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble.
Proverbs 15:16	Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure and trouble therewith.
Proverbs 15:26	The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the LORD: but the words of the pure are pleasant words.
Proverbs 16:3	Commit thy works unto the LORD, and thy thoughts shall be established.
Proverbs 16:13	Righteous lips are the delight of kings; and they love him that speaketh right.
Proverbs 16:23	The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips.
Proverbs 16:33	The lot is cast into the lap; but the whole disposing thereof is of the LORD.
Proverbs 17:10	A reproof entereth more into a wise man than an hundred stripes into a fool.
Proverbs 17:20	He that hath a froward heart findeth no good: and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief.
Proverbs 18:2	A fool hath no delight in understanding, but that his heart may discover itself.
Proverbs 18:12	Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is humility.
Proverbs 18:22	Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.
Proverbs 19:8	He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul: he that keepeth understanding shall find good.
Proverbs 19:18	Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying.
Proverbs 19:28	An ungodly witness scorneth judgment: and the mouth of the wicked devoureth iniquity.
Proverbs 20:9	Who can say, I have made my heart clean, I am pure from my sin?
Proverbs 20:19	He that goeth about as a talebearer revealeth secrets: therefore meddle not with him that flattereth with his lips.
Proverbs 20:29	The glory of young men is their strength: and the beauty of old men is the grey head.
Proverbs 21:9	It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house.
Proverbs 21:19	It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an angry woman.
Proverbs 21:29	A wicked man hardeneth his face: but as for the upright, he directeth his way.
Proverbs 22:8	He that soweth iniquity shall reap vanity: and the rod of his anger shall fail.
Proverbs 22:18	For it is a pleasant thing if thou keep them within thee; they shall withal be fitted in thy lips.
Proverbs 22:28	Remove not the ancient landmark, which thy fathers have set.
Proverbs 23:9	Speak not in the ears of a fool: for he will despise the wisdom of thy words.
Proverbs 23:19	Hear thou, my son, and be wise, and guide thine heart in the way.
Proverbs 23:29	Who hath woe? who hath sorrow? who hath contentions? who hath babbling? who hath wounds without cause? who hath redness of eyes?
Proverbs 24:4	And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches.
Proverbs 24:14	So shall the knowledge of wisdom be unto thy soul: when thou hast found it, then there shall be a reward, and thy expectation shall not be cut off.
Proverbs 24:24	He that saith unto the wicked, Thou are righteous; him shall the people curse, nations shall abhor him:
Proverbs 24:34	So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth; and thy want as an armed man.
Proverbs 25:10	Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away.
Proverbs 25:20	As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather, and as vinegar upon nitre, so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart.
Proverbs 26:2	As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse causeless shall not come.
Proverbs 26:12	Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than of him.
Proverbs 26:22	The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly.
Proverbs 27:4	Wrath is cruel, and anger is outrageous; but who is able to stand before envy?
Proverbs 27:14	He that blesseth his friend with a loud voice, rising early in the morning, it shall be counted a curse to him.
Proverbs 27:24	For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure to every generation?
Proverbs 28:7	Whoso keepeth the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous men shameth his father.
Proverbs 28:17	A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him.
Proverbs 28:27	He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse.
Proverbs 29:9	If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there is no rest.
Proverbs 29:19	A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not answer.
Proverbs 30:2	Surely I am more brutish than any man, and have not the understanding of a man.
Proverbs 30:12	There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness.
Proverbs 30:22	For a servant when he reigneth; and a fool when he is filled with meat;
Proverbs 30:32	If thou hast done foolishly in lifting up thyself, or if thou hast thought evil, lay thine hand upon thy mouth.
Proverbs 31:9	Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy.
Proverbs 31:19	She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff.
Proverbs 31:29	Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all.
Ecclesiastes 1:8	All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
Ecclesiastes 1:18	For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
Ecclesiastes 2:10	And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour.
Ecclesiastes 2:20	Therefore I went about to cause my heart to despair of all the labour which I took under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 3:4	A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;
Ecclesiastes 3:14	I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God doeth it, that men should fear before him.
Ecclesiastes 4:2	Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive.
Ecclesiastes 4:12	And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken.
Ecclesiastes 5:6	Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands?
Ecclesiastes 5:16	And this also is a sore evil, that in all points as he came, so shall he go: and what profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind?
Ecclesiastes 6:6	Yea, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet hath he seen no good: do not all go to one place?
Ecclesiastes 7:4	The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth.
Ecclesiastes 7:14	In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider: God also hath set the one over against the other, to the end that man should find nothing after him.
Ecclesiastes 7:24	That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?
Ecclesiastes 8:5	Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man's heart discerneth both time and judgment.
Ecclesiastes 8:15	Then I commended mirth, because a man hath no better thing under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be merry: for that shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life, which God giveth him under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 9:8	Let thy garments be always white; and let thy head lack no ointment.
Ecclesiastes 9:18	Wisdom is better than weapons of war: but one sinner destroyeth much good.
Ecclesiastes 10:10	If the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct.
Ecclesiastes 10:20	Curse not the king, no not in thy thought; and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter.
Ecclesiastes 11:10	Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart, and put away evil from thy flesh: for childhood and youth are vanity.
Ecclesiastes 12:10	The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth.
Song of Solomon 1:6	Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.
Song of Solomon 1:16	Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green.
Song of Solomon 2:9	My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, he standeth behind our wall, he looketh forth at the windows, shewing himself through the lattice.
Song of Solomon 3:2	I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not.
Song of Solomon 4:1	Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes within thy locks: thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead.
Song of Solomon 4:11	Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 5:5	I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock.
Song of Solomon 5:15	His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold: his countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars.
Song of Solomon 6:9	My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her.
Song of Solomon 7:6	How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights!
Song of Solomon 8:3	His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me.
Song of Solomon 8:13	Thou that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to thy voice: cause me to hear it.
Isaiah 1:9	Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah.
Isaiah 1:19	If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land:
Isaiah 1:29	For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen.
Isaiah 2:8	Their land also is full of idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:
Isaiah 2:18	And the idols he shall utterly abolish.
Isaiah 3:6	When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, saying, Thou hast clothing, be thou our ruler, and let this ruin be under thy hand:
Isaiah 3:16	Moreover the LORD saith, Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:
Isaiah 3:26	And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground.
Isaiah 5:4	What could have been done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it? wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes?
Isaiah 5:14	Therefore hell hath enlarged herself, and opened her mouth without measure: and their glory, and their multitude, and their pomp, and he that rejoiceth, shall descend into it.
Isaiah 5:24	Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble, and the flame consumeth the chaff, so their root shall be as rottenness, and their blossom shall go up as dust: because they have cast away the law of the LORD of hosts, and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 6:4	And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke.
Isaiah 7:1	And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz the son of Jotham, the son of Uzziah, king of Judah, that Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah, king of Israel, went up toward Jerusalem to war against it, but could not prevail against it.
Isaiah 7:11	Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the depth, or in the height above.
Isaiah 7:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep;
Isaiah 8:6	Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shiloah that go softly, and rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah's son;
Isaiah 8:16	Bind up the testimony, seal the law among my disciples.
Isaiah 9:4	For thou hast broken the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian.
Isaiah 9:14	Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day.
Isaiah 10:3	And what will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your glory?
Isaiah 10:13	For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:
Isaiah 10:23	For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption, even determined, in the midst of all the land.
Isaiah 10:33	Behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, shall lop the bough with terror: and the high ones of stature shall be hewn down, and the haughty shall be humbled.
Isaiah 11:9	They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.
Isaiah 12:3	Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation.
Isaiah 13:7	Therefore shall all hands be faint, and every man's heart shall melt:
Isaiah 13:17	Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it.
Isaiah 14:5	The LORD hath broken the staff of the wicked, and the sceptre of the rulers.
Isaiah 14:15	Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.
Isaiah 14:25	That I will break the Assyrian in my land, and upon my mountains tread him under foot: then shall his yoke depart from off them, and his burden depart from off their shoulders.
Isaiah 15:3	In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly.
Isaiah 16:4	Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land.
Isaiah 16:14	But now the LORD hath spoken, saying, Within three years, as the years of an hireling, and the glory of Moab shall be contemned, with all that great multitude; and the remnant shall be very small and feeble.
Isaiah 17:10	Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvation, and hast not been mindful of the rock of thy strength, therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants, and shalt set it with strange slips:
Isaiah 18:6	They shall be left together unto the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the earth: and the fowls shall summer upon them, and all the beasts of the earth shall winter upon them.
Isaiah 19:9	Moreover they that work in fine flax, and they that weave networks, shall be confounded.
Isaiah 19:19	In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the midst of the land of Egypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD.
Isaiah 20:4	So shall the king of Assyria lead away the Egyptians prisoners, and the Ethiopians captives, young and old, naked and barefoot, even with their buttocks uncovered, to the shame of Egypt.
Isaiah 21:8	And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in the daytime, and I am set in my ward whole nights:
Isaiah 22:1	The burden of the valley of vision. What aileth thee now, that thou art wholly gone up to the housetops?
Isaiah 22:11	Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago.
Isaiah 22:21	And I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy girdle, and I will commit thy government into his hand: and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
Isaiah 23:6	Pass ye over to Tarshish; howl, ye inhabitants of the isle.
Isaiah 23:16	Take an harp, go about the city, thou harlot that hast been forgotten; make sweet melody, sing many songs, that thou mayest be remembered.
Isaiah 24:8	The mirth of tabrets ceaseth, the noise of them that rejoice endeth, the joy of the harp ceaseth.
Isaiah 24:18	And it shall come to pass, that he who fleeth from the noise of the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that cometh up out of the midst of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for the windows from on high are open, and the foundations of the earth do shake.
Isaiah 25:5	Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers, as the heat in a dry place; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud: the branch of the terrible ones shall be brought low.
Isaiah 26:3	Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee.
Isaiah 26:13	O LORD our God, other lords beside thee have had dominion over us: but by thee only will we make mention of thy name.
Isaiah 27:2	In that day sing ye unto her, A vineyard of red wine.
Isaiah 27:12	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall beat off from the channel of the river unto the stream of Egypt, and ye shall be gathered one by one, O ye children of Israel.
Isaiah 28:9	Whom shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the milk, and drawn from the breasts.
Isaiah 28:19	From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by night: and it shall be a vexation only to understand the report.
Isaiah 28:29	This also cometh forth from the LORD of hosts, which is wonderful in counsel, and excellent in working.
Isaiah 29:10	For the LORD hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers hath he covered.
Isaiah 29:20	For the terrible one is brought to nought, and the scorner is consumed, and all that watch for iniquity are cut off:
Isaiah 30:6	The burden of the beasts of the south: into the land of trouble and anguish, from whence come the young and old lion, the viper and fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches upon the shoulders of young asses, and their treasures upon the bunches of camels, to a people that shall not profit them.
Isaiah 30:16	But ye said, No; for we will flee upon horses; therefore shall ye flee: and, We will ride upon the swift; therefore shall they that pursue you be swift.
Isaiah 30:26	Moreover the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun, and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold, as the light of seven days, in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people, and healeth the stroke of their wound.
Isaiah 31:3	Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together.
Isaiah 32:4	The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge, and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly.
Isaiah 32:14	Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left; the forts and towers shall be for dens for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks;
Isaiah 33:4	And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them.
Isaiah 33:14	The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings?
Isaiah 33:24	And the inhabitant shall not say, I am sick: the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity.
Isaiah 34:10	It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever: from generation to generation it shall lie waste; none shall pass through it for ever and ever.
Isaiah 35:3	Strengthen ye the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees.
Isaiah 36:3	Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder.
Isaiah 36:13	Then Rabshakeh stood, and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and said, Hear ye the words of the great king, the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 37:1	And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD.
Isaiah 37:11	Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands by destroying them utterly; and shalt thou be delivered?
Isaiah 37:21	Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent unto Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Whereas thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria:
Isaiah 37:31	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward:
Isaiah 38:3	And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.
Isaiah 38:13	I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he break all my bones: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me.
Isaiah 39:1	At that time Merodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present to Hezekiah: for he had heard that he had been sick, and was recovered.
Isaiah 40:3	The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
Isaiah 40:13	Who hath directed the Spirit of the LORD, or being his counsellor hath taught him?
Isaiah 40:23	That bringeth the princes to nothing; he maketh the judges of the earth as vanity.
Isaiah 41:2	Who raised up the righteous man from the east, called him to his foot, gave the nations before him, and made him rule over kings? he gave them as the dust to his sword, and as driven stubble to his bow.
Isaiah 41:12	Thou shalt seek them, and shalt not find them, even them that contended with thee: they that war against thee shall be as nothing, and as a thing of nought.
Isaiah 41:22	Let them bring them forth, and shew us what shall happen: let them shew the former things, what they be, that we may consider them, and know the latter end of them; or declare us things for to come.
Isaiah 42:3	A bruised reed shall he not break, and the smoking flax shall he not quench: he shall bring forth judgment unto truth.
Isaiah 42:13	The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man, he shall stir up jealousy like a man of war: he shall cry, yea, roar; he shall prevail against his enemies.
Isaiah 42:23	Who among you will give ear to this? who will hearken and hear for the time to come?
Isaiah 43:8	Bring forth the blind people that have eyes, and the deaf that have ears.
Isaiah 43:18	Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old.
Isaiah 43:28	Therefore I have profaned the princes of the sanctuary, and have given Jacob to the curse, and Israel to reproaches.
Isaiah 44:10	Who hath formed a god, or molten a graven image that is profitable for nothing?
Isaiah 44:20	He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there not a lie in my right hand?
Isaiah 45:2	I will go before thee, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron:
Isaiah 45:12	I have made the earth, and created man upon it: I, even my hands, have stretched out the heavens, and all their host have I commanded.
Isaiah 45:22	Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.
Isaiah 46:7	They bear him upon the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place, and he standeth; from his place shall he not remove: yea, one shall cry unto him, yet can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble.
Isaiah 47:4	As for our redeemer, the LORD of hosts is his name, the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 47:14	Behold, they shall be as stubble; the fire shall burn them; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit before it.
Isaiah 48:9	For my name's sake will I defer mine anger, and for my praise will I refrain for thee, that I cut thee not off.
Isaiah 48:19	Thy seed also had been as the sand, and the offspring of thy bowels like the gravel thereof; his name should not have been cut off nor destroyed from before me.
Isaiah 49:7	Thus saith the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of the LORD that is faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee.
Isaiah 49:17	Thy children shall make haste; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee.
Isaiah 50:1	Thus saith the LORD, Where is the bill of your mother's divorcement, whom I have put away? or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves, and for your transgressions is your mother put away.
Isaiah 50:11	Behold, all ye that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand; ye shall lie down in sorrow.
Isaiah 51:10	Art thou not it which hath dried the sea, the waters of the great deep; that hath made the depths of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over?
Isaiah 51:20	Thy sons have fainted, they lie at the head of all the streets, as a wild bull in a net: they are full of the fury of the LORD, the rebuke of thy God.
Isaiah 52:7	How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!
Isaiah 53:2	For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.
Isaiah 53:12	Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors.
Isaiah 54:10	For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed; but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the LORD that hath mercy on thee.
Isaiah 55:3	Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.
Isaiah 55:13	Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to the LORD for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off.
Isaiah 56:10	His watchmen are blind: they are all ignorant, they are all dumb dogs, they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber.
Isaiah 57:8	Behind the doors also and the posts hast thou set up thy remembrance: for thou hast discovered thyself to another than me, and art gone up; thou hast enlarged thy bed, and made thee a covenant with them; thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it.
Isaiah 57:18	I have seen his ways, and will heal him: I will lead him also, and restore comforts unto him and to his mourners.
Isaiah 58:7	Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh?
Isaiah 59:3	For your hands are defiled with blood, and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken lies, your tongue hath muttered perverseness.
Isaiah 59:13	In transgressing and lying against the LORD, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood.
Isaiah 60:2	For, behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people: but the LORD shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee.
Isaiah 60:12	For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted.
Isaiah 60:22	A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I the LORD will hasten it in his time.
Isaiah 61:10	I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.
Isaiah 62:9	But they that have gathered it shall eat it, and praise the LORD; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness.
Isaiah 63:7	I will mention the lovingkindnesses of the LORD, and the praises of the LORD, according to all that the LORD hath bestowed on us, and the great goodness toward the house of Israel, which he hath bestowed on them according to his mercies, and according to the multitude of his lovingkindnesses.
Isaiah 63:17	O LORD, why hast thou made us to err from thy ways, and hardened our heart from thy fear? Return for thy servants' sake, the tribes of thine inheritance.
Isaiah 64:8	But now, O LORD, thou art our father; we are the clay, and thou our potter; and we all are the work of thy hand.
Isaiah 65:6	Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom,
Isaiah 65:16	That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth; and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth; because the former troubles are forgotten, and because they are hid from mine eyes.
Isaiah 66:1	Thus saith the LORD, The heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool: where is the house that ye build unto me? and where is the place of my rest?
Isaiah 66:11	That ye may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may milk out, and be delighted with the abundance of her glory.
Isaiah 66:21	And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:7	But the LORD said unto me, Say not, I am a child: for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak.
Jeremiah 1:17	Thou therefore gird up thy loins, and arise, and speak unto them all that I command thee: be not dismayed at their faces, lest I confound thee before them.
Jeremiah 2:8	The priests said not, Where is the LORD? and they that handle the law knew me not: the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal, and walked after things that do not profit.
Jeremiah 2:18	And now what hast thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Sihor? or what hast thou to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river?
Jeremiah 2:28	But where are thy gods that thou hast made thee? let them arise, if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Judah.
Jeremiah 3:1	They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 3:11	And the LORD said unto me, The backsliding Israel hath justified herself more than treacherous Judah.
Jeremiah 3:21	A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the LORD their God.
Jeremiah 4:6	Set up the standard toward Zion: retire, stay not: for I will bring evil from the north, and a great destruction.
Jeremiah 4:16	Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of Judah.
Jeremiah 4:26	I beheld, and, lo, the fruitful place was a wilderness, and all the cities thereof were broken down at the presence of the LORD, and by his fierce anger.
Jeremiah 5:5	I will get me unto the great men, and will speak unto them; for they have known the way of the LORD, and the judgment of their God: but these have altogether broken the yoke, and burst the bonds.
Jeremiah 5:15	Lo, I will bring a nation upon you from far, O house of Israel, saith the LORD: it is a mighty nation, it is an ancient nation, a nation whose language thou knowest not, neither understandest what they say.
Jeremiah 5:25	Your iniquities have turned away these things, and your sins have withholden good things from you.
Jeremiah 6:4	Prepare ye war against her; arise, and let us go up at noon. Woe unto us! for the day goeth away, for the shadows of the evening are stretched out.
Jeremiah 6:14	They have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.
Jeremiah 6:24	We have heard the fame thereof: our hands wax feeble: anguish hath taken hold of us, and pain, as of a woman in travail.
Jeremiah 7:4	Trust ye not in lying words, saying, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, are these.
Jeremiah 7:14	Therefore will I do unto this house, which is called by my name, wherein ye trust, and unto the place which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
Jeremiah 7:24	But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward.
Jeremiah 7:34	Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride: for the land shall be desolate.
Jeremiah 8:10	Therefore will I give their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely.
Jeremiah 8:20	The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved.
Jeremiah 9:8	Their tongue is as an arrow shot out; it speaketh deceit: one speaketh peaceably to his neighbour with his mouth, but in heart he layeth his wait.
Jeremiah 9:18	And let them make haste, and take up a wailing for us, that our eyes may run down with tears, and our eyelids gush out with waters.
Jeremiah 10:2	Thus saith the LORD, Learn not the way of the heathen, and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven; for the heathen are dismayed at them.
Jeremiah 10:12	He hath made the earth by his power, he hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heavens by his discretion.
Jeremiah 10:22	Behold, the noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion out of the north country, to make the cities of Judah desolate, and a den of dragons.
Jeremiah 11:7	For I earnestly protested unto your fathers in the day that I brought them up out of the land of Egypt, even unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice.
Jeremiah 11:17	For the LORD of hosts, that planted thee, hath pronounced evil against thee, for the evil of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah, which they have done against themselves to provoke me to anger in offering incense unto Baal.
Jeremiah 12:4	How long shall the land mourn, and the herbs of every field wither, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein? the beasts are consumed, and the birds; because they said, He shall not see our last end.
Jeremiah 12:14	Thus saith the LORD against all mine evil neighbours, that touch the inheritance which I have caused my people Israel to inherit; Behold, I will pluck them out of their land, and pluck out the house of Judah from among them.
Jeremiah 13:7	Then I went to Euphrates, and digged, and took the girdle from the place where I had hid it: and, behold, the girdle was marred, it was profitable for nothing.
Jeremiah 13:17	But if ye will not hear it, my soul shall weep in secret places for your pride; and mine eye shall weep sore, and run down with tears, because the LORD's flock is carried away captive.
Jeremiah 13:27	I have seen thine adulteries, and thy neighings, the lewdness of thy whoredom, and thine abominations on the hills in the fields. Woe unto thee, O Jerusalem! wilt thou not be made clean? when shall it once be?
Jeremiah 14:10	Thus saith the LORD unto this people, Thus have they loved to wander, they have not refrained their feet, therefore the LORD doth not accept them; he will now remember their iniquity, and visit their sins.
Jeremiah 14:20	We acknowledge, O LORD, our wickedness, and the iniquity of our fathers: for we have sinned against thee.
Jeremiah 15:8	Their widows are increased to me above the sand of the seas: I have brought upon them against the mother of the young men a spoiler at noonday: I have caused him to fall upon it suddenly, and terrors upon the city.
Jeremiah 15:18	Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuseth to be healed? wilt thou be altogether unto me as a liar, and as waters that fail?
Jeremiah 16:7	Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother.
Jeremiah 16:17	For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.
Jeremiah 17:6	For he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good cometh; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not inhabited.
Jeremiah 17:16	As for me, I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow thee: neither have I desired the woeful day; thou knowest: that which came out of my lips was right before thee.
Jeremiah 17:26	And they shall come from the cities of Judah, and from the places about Jerusalem, and from the land of Benjamin, and from the plain, and from the mountains, and from the south, bringing burnt offerings, and sacrifices, and meat offerings, and incense, and bringing sacrifices of praise, unto the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 18:9	And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant it;
Jeremiah 18:19	Give heed to me, O LORD, and hearken to the voice of them that contend with me.
Jeremiah 19:6	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that this place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The valley of the son of Hinnom, but The valley of slaughter.
Jeremiah 20:1	Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things.
Jeremiah 20:11	But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten.
Jeremiah 21:3	Then said Jeremiah unto them, Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah:
Jeremiah 21:13	Behold, I am against thee, O inhabitant of the valley, and rock of the plain, saith the LORD; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into our habitations?
Jeremiah 22:9	Then they shall answer, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD their God, and worshipped other gods, and served them.
Jeremiah 22:19	He shall be buried with the burial of an ass, drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 22:29	O earth, earth, earth, hear the word of the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:9	Mine heart within me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom wine hath overcome, because of the LORD, and because of the words of his holiness.
Jeremiah 23:19	Behold, a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked.
Jeremiah 23:29	Is not my word like as a fire? saith the LORD; and like a hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces?
Jeremiah 23:39	Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence:
Jeremiah 24:9	And I will deliver them to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth for their hurt, to be a reproach and a proverb, a taunt and a curse, in all places whither I shall drive them.
Jeremiah 25:9	Behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, saith the LORD, and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these nations round about, and will utterly destroy them, and make them an astonishment, and an hissing, and perpetual desolations.
Jeremiah 25:19	Pharaoh king of Egypt, and his servants, and his princes, and all his people;
Jeremiah 25:29	For, lo, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name, and should ye be utterly unpunished? Ye shall not be unpunished: for I will call for a sword upon all the inhabitants of the earth, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 26:1	In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 26:11	Then spake the priests and the prophets unto the princes and to all the people, saying, This man is worthy to die; for he hath prophesied against this city, as ye have heard with your ears.
Jeremiah 26:21	And when Jehoiakim the king, with all his mighty men, and all the princes, heard his words, the king sought to put him to death: but when Urijah heard it, he was afraid, and fled, and went into Egypt;
Jeremiah 27:7	And all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son's son, until the very time of his land come: and then many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him.
Jeremiah 27:17	Hearken not unto them; serve the king of Babylon, and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste?
Jeremiah 28:5	Then the prophet Jeremiah said unto the prophet Hananiah in the presence of the priests, and in the presence of all the people that stood in the house of the LORD,
Jeremiah 28:15	Then said the prophet Jeremiah unto Hananiah the prophet, Hear now, Hananiah; The LORD hath not sent thee; but thou makest this people to trust in a lie.
Jeremiah 29:8	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Let not your prophets and your diviners, that be in the midst of you, deceive you, neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed.
Jeremiah 29:18	And I will persecute them with the sword, with the famine, and with the pestilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I have driven them:
Jeremiah 29:28	For therefore he sent unto us in Babylon, saying, This captivity is long: build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them.
Jeremiah 30:6	Ask ye now, and see whether a man doth travail with child? wherefore do I see every man with his hands on his loins, as a woman in travail, and all faces are turned into paleness?
Jeremiah 30:16	Therefore all they that devour thee shall be devoured; and all thine adversaries, every one of them, shall go into captivity; and they that spoil thee shall be a spoil, and all that prey upon thee will I give for a prey.
Jeremiah 31:2	Thus saith the LORD, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest.
Jeremiah 31:12	Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock and of the herd: and their soul shall be as a watered garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all.
Jeremiah 31:22	How long wilt thou go about, O thou backsliding daughter? for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth, A woman shall compass a man.
Jeremiah 31:32	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; which my covenant they brake, although I was an husband unto them, saith the LORD:
Jeremiah 32:2	For then the king of Babylon's army besieged Jerusalem: and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison, which was in the king of Judah's house.
Jeremiah 32:12	And I gave the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, in the sight of Hanameel mine uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses that subscribed the book of the purchase, before all the Jews that sat in the court of the prison.
Jeremiah 32:22	And hast given them this land, which thou didst swear to their fathers to give them, a land flowing with milk and honey;
Jeremiah 32:32	Because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, which they have done to provoke me to anger, they, their kings, their princes, their priests, and their prophets, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 32:42	For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil upon this people, so will I bring upon them all the good that I have promised them.
Jeremiah 33:8	And I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me; and I will pardon all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me.
Jeremiah 33:18	Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings, and to kindle meat offerings, and to do sacrifice continually.
Jeremiah 34:2	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire:
Jeremiah 34:12	Therefore the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 34:22	Behold, I will command, saith the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant.
Jeremiah 35:10	But we have dwelt in tents, and have obeyed, and done according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us.
Jeremiah 36:1	And it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 36:11	When Michaiah the son of Gemariah, the son of Shaphan, had heard out of the book all the words of the LORD,
Jeremiah 36:21	So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll: and he took it out of Elishama the scribe's chamber. And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king, and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king.
Jeremiah 36:31	And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity; and I will bring upon them, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and upon the men of Judah, all the evil that I have pronounced against them; but they hearkened not.
Jeremiah 37:9	Thus saith the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: for they shall not depart.
Jeremiah 37:19	Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you, saying, The king of Babylon shall not come against you, nor against this land?
Jeremiah 38:8	Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to the king saying,
Jeremiah 38:18	But if thou wilt not go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then shall this city be given into the hand of the Chaldeans, and they shall burn it with fire, and thou shalt not escape out of their hand.
Jeremiah 38:28	So Jeremiah abode in the court of the prison until the day that Jerusalem was taken: and he was there when Jerusalem was taken.
Jeremiah 39:10	But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poor of the people, which had nothing, in the land of Judah, and gave them vineyards and fields at the same time.
Jeremiah 40:2	And the captain of the guard took Jeremiah, and said unto him, The LORD thy God hath pronounced this evil upon this place.
Jeremiah 40:12	Even all the Jews returned out of all places whither they were driven, and came to the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, unto Mizpah, and gathered wine and summer fruits very much.
Jeremiah 41:6	And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them, he said unto them, Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam.
Jeremiah 41:16	Then took Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, from Mizpah, after that he had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, even mighty men of war, and the women, and the children, and the eunuchs, whom he had brought again from Gibeon:
Jeremiah 42:8	Then called he Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces which were with him, and all the people from the least even to the greatest,
Jeremiah 42:18	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you, when ye shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall see this place no more.
Jeremiah 43:6	Even men, and women, and children, and the king's daughters, and every person that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had left with Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Jeremiah the prophet, and Baruch the son of Neriah.
Jeremiah 44:3	Because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to anger, in that they went to burn incense, and to serve other gods, whom they knew not, neither they, ye, nor your fathers.
Jeremiah 44:13	For I will punish them that dwell in the land of Egypt, as I have punished Jerusalem, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence:
Jeremiah 44:23	Because ye have burned incense, and because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD, nor walked in his law, nor in his statutes, nor in his testimonies; therefore this evil is happened unto you, as at this day.
Jeremiah 45:3	Thou didst say, Woe is me now! for the LORD hath added grief to my sorrow; I fainted in my sighing, and I find no rest.
Jeremiah 46:8	Egypt riseth up like a flood, and his waters are moved like the rivers; and he saith, I will go up, and will cover the earth; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof.
Jeremiah 46:18	As I live, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts, Surely as Tabor is among the mountains, and as Carmel by the sea, so shall he come.
Jeremiah 46:28	Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with thee; for I will make a full end of all the nations whither I have driven thee: but I will not make a full end of thee, but correct thee in measure; yet will I not leave thee wholly unpunished.
Jeremiah 48:3	A voice of crying shall be from Horonaim, spoiling and great destruction.
Jeremiah 48:13	And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh, as the house of Israel was ashamed of Bethel their confidence.
Jeremiah 48:23	And upon Kiriathaim, and upon Bethgamul, and upon Bethmeon,
Jeremiah 48:33	And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field, and from the land of Moab, and I have caused wine to fail from the winepresses: none shall tread with shouting; their shouting shall be no shouting.
Jeremiah 48:43	Fear, and the pit, and the snare, shall be upon thee, O inhabitant of Moab, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:6	And afterward I will bring again the captivity of the children of Ammon, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:16	Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of thine heart, O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, that holdest the height of the hill: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle, I will bring thee down from thence, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:26	Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all the men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 49:36	And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven, and will scatter them toward all those winds; and there shall be no nation whither the outcasts of Elam shall not come.
Jeremiah 50:7	All that found them have devoured them: and their adversaries said, We offend not, because they have sinned against the LORD, the habitation of justice, even the LORD, the hope of their fathers.
Jeremiah 50:17	Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have driven him away: first the king of Assyria hath devoured him; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones.
Jeremiah 50:27	Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to the slaughter: woe unto them! for their day is come, the time of their visitation.
Jeremiah 50:37	A sword is upon their horses, and upon their chariots, and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her; and they shall become as women: a sword is upon her treasures; and they shall be robbed.
Jeremiah 51:1	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will raise up against Babylon, and against them that dwell in the midst of them that rise up against me, a destroying wind;
Jeremiah 51:11	Make bright the arrows; gather the shields: the LORD hath raised up the spirit of the kings of the Medes: for his device is against Babylon, to destroy it; because it is the vengeance of the LORD, the vengeance of his temple.
Jeremiah 51:21	And with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;
Jeremiah 51:31	One post shall run to meet another, and one messenger to meet another, to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end,
Jeremiah 51:41	How is Sheshach taken! and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised! how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nations!
Jeremiah 51:51	We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD's house.
Jeremiah 51:61	And Jeremiah said to Seraiah, When thou comest to Babylon, and shalt see, and shalt read all these words;
Jeremiah 52:7	Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate between the two walls, which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about:) and they went by the way of the plain.
Jeremiah 52:17	Also the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, the Chaldeans brake, and carried all the brass of them to Babylon.
Jeremiah 52:27	And the king of Babylon smote them, and put them to death in Riblah in the land of Hamath. Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his own land.
Lamentations 1:3	Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction, and because of great servitude: she dwelleth among the heathen, she findeth no rest: all her persecutors overtook her between the straits.
Lamentations 1:13	From above hath he sent fire into my bones, and it prevaileth against them: he hath spread a net for my feet, he hath turned me back: he hath made me desolate and faint all the day.
Lamentations 2:1	How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger, and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger!
Lamentations 2:11	Mine eyes do fail with tears, my bowels are troubled, my liver is poured upon the earth, for the destruction of the daughter of my people; because the children and the sucklings swoon in the streets of the city.
Lamentations 2:21	The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; thou hast slain them in the day of thine anger; thou hast killed, and not pitied.
Lamentations 3:9	He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked.
Lamentations 3:19	Remembering mine affliction and my misery, the wormwood and the gall.
Lamentations 3:29	He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope.
Lamentations 3:39	Wherefore doth a living man complain, a man for the punishment of his sins?
Lamentations 3:49	Mine eye trickleth down, and ceaseth not, without any intermission.
Lamentations 3:59	O LORD, thou hast seen my wrong: judge thou my cause.
Lamentations 4:3	Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the wilderness.
Lamentations 4:13	For the sins of her prophets, and the iniquities of her priests, that have shed the blood of the just in the midst of her,
Lamentations 5:1	Remember, O LORD, what is come upon us: consider, and behold our reproach.
Lamentations 5:11	They ravished the women in Zion, and the maids in the cities of Judah.
Lamentations 5:21	Turn thou us unto thee, O LORD, and we shall be turned; renew our days as of old.
Ezekiel 1:9	Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward.
Ezekiel 1:19	And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.
Ezekiel 2:1	And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto thee.
Ezekiel 3:1	Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, eat that thou findest; eat this roll, and go speak unto the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 3:11	And go, get thee to them of the captivity, unto the children of thy people, and speak unto them, and tell them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear.
Ezekiel 3:21	Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man, that the righteous sin not, and he doth not sin, he shall surely live, because he is warned; also thou hast delivered thy soul.
Ezekiel 4:4	Lie thou also upon thy left side, and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel upon it: according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear their iniquity.
Ezekiel 4:14	Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! behold, my soul hath not been polluted: for from my youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which dieth of itself, or is torn in pieces; neither came there abominable flesh into my mouth.
Ezekiel 5:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye multiplied more than the nations that are round about you, and have not walked in my statutes, neither have kept my judgments, neither have done according to the judgments of the nations that are round about you;
Ezekiel 5:17	So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts, and they shall bereave thee: and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee; and I will bring the sword upon thee. I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 6:10	And they shall know that I am the LORD, and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil unto them.
Ezekiel 7:6	An end is come, the end is come: it watcheth for thee; behold, it is come.
Ezekiel 7:16	But they that escape of them shall escape, and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys, all of them mourning, every one for his iniquity.
Ezekiel 7:26	Mischief shall come upon mischief, and rumour shall be upon rumour; then shall they seek a vision of the prophet; but the law shall perish from the priest, and counsel from the ancients.
Ezekiel 8:9	And he said unto me, Go in, and behold the wicked abominations that they do here.
Ezekiel 9:1	He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice, saying, Cause them that have charge over the city to draw near, even every man with his destroying weapon in his hand.
Ezekiel 9:11	And, behold, the man clothed with linen, which had the inkhorn by his side, reported the matter, saying, I have done as thou hast commanded me.
Ezekiel 10:10	And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in the midst of a wheel.
Ezekiel 10:20	This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims.
Ezekiel 11:8	Ye have feared the sword; and I will bring a sword upon you, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 11:18	And they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence.
Ezekiel 12:3	Therefore, thou son of man, prepare thee stuff for removing, and remove by day in their sight; and thou shalt remove from thy place to another place in their sight: it may be they will consider, though they be a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 12:13	My net also will I spread upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare: and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans; yet shall he not see it, though he shall die there.
Ezekiel 12:23	Tell them therefore, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will make this proverb to cease, and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel; but say unto them, The days are at hand, and the effect of every vision.
Ezekiel 13:5	Ye have not gone up into the gaps, neither made up the hedge for the house of Israel to stand in the battle in the day of the LORD.
Ezekiel 13:15	Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered morter, and will say unto you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it;
Ezekiel 14:2	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 14:12	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Ezekiel 14:22	Yet, behold, therein shall be left a remnant that shall be brought forth, both sons and daughters: behold, they shall come forth unto you, and ye shall see their way and their doings: and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought upon it.
Ezekiel 16:1	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 16:11	I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck.
Ezekiel 16:21	That thou hast slain my children, and delivered them to cause them to pass through the fire for them?
Ezekiel 16:31	In that thou buildest thine eminent place in the head of every way, and makest thine high place in every street; and hast not been as an harlot, in that thou scornest hire;
Ezekiel 16:41	And they shall burn thine houses with fire, and execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women: and I will cause thee to cease from playing the harlot, and thou also shalt give no hire any more.
Ezekiel 16:51	Neither hath Samaria committed half of thy sins; but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they, and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which thou hast done.
Ezekiel 16:61	Then thou shalt remember thy ways, and be ashamed, when thou shalt receive thy sisters, thine elder and thy younger: and I will give them unto thee for daughters, but not by thy covenant.
Ezekiel 17:8	It was planted in a good soil by great waters, that it might bring forth branches, and that it might bear fruit, that it might be a goodly vine.
Ezekiel 17:18	Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant, when, lo, he had given his hand, and hath done all these things, he shall not escape.
Ezekiel 18:4	Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.
Ezekiel 18:14	Now, lo, if he beget a son, that seeth all his father's sins which he hath done, and considereth, and doeth not such like,
Ezekiel 18:24	But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his sin that he hath sinned, in them shall he die.
Ezekiel 19:2	And say, What is thy mother? A lioness: she lay down among lions, she nourished her whelps among young lions.
Ezekiel 19:12	But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit: her strong rods were broken and withered; the fire consumed them.
Ezekiel 20:8	But they rebelled against me, and would not hearken unto me: they did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes, neither did they forsake the idols of Egypt: then I said, I will pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 20:18	But I said unto their children in the wilderness, Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers, neither observe their judgments, nor defile yourselves with their idols:
Ezekiel 20:28	For when I had brought them into the land, for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to them, then they saw every high hill, and all the thick trees, and they offered there their sacrifices, and there they presented the provocation of their offering: there also they made their sweet savour, and poured out there their drink offerings.
Ezekiel 20:38	And I will purge out from among you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn, and they shall not enter into the land of Israel: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 20:48	And all flesh shall see that I the LORD have kindled it: it shall not be quenched.
Ezekiel 21:9	Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished:
Ezekiel 21:19	Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city.
Ezekiel 21:29	Whiles they see vanity unto thee, whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an end.
Ezekiel 22:7	In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by oppression with the stranger: in thee have they vexed the fatherless and the widow.
Ezekiel 22:17	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:27	Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey, to shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain.
Ezekiel 23:6	Which were clothed with blue, captains and rulers, all of them desirable young men, horsemen riding upon horses.
Ezekiel 23:16	And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted upon them, and sent messengers unto them into Chaldea.
Ezekiel 23:26	They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes, and take away thy fair jewels.
Ezekiel 23:36	The LORD said moreover unto me; Son of man, wilt thou judge Aholah and Aholibah? yea, declare unto them their abominations;
Ezekiel 23:46	For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will bring up a company upon them, and will give them to be removed and spoiled.
Ezekiel 24:7	For her blood is in the midst of her; she set it upon the top of a rock; she poured it not upon the ground, to cover it with dust;
Ezekiel 24:17	Forbear to cry, make no mourning for the dead, bind the tire of thine head upon thee, and put on thy shoes upon thy feet, and cover not thy lips, and eat not the bread of men.
Ezekiel 24:27	In that day shall thy mouth be opened to him which is escaped, and thou shalt speak, and be no more dumb: and thou shalt be a sign unto them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 25:10	Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites, and will give them in possession, that the Ammonites may not be remembered among the nations.
Ezekiel 26:3	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Tyrus, and will cause many nations to come up against thee, as the sea causeth his waves to come up.
Ezekiel 26:13	And I will cause the noise of thy songs to cease; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard.
Ezekiel 27:2	Now, thou son of man, take up a lamentation for Tyrus;
Ezekiel 27:12	Tarshish was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of all kind of riches; with silver, iron, tin, and lead, they traded in thy fairs.
Ezekiel 27:22	The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were thy merchants: they occupied in thy fairs with chief of all spices, and with all precious stones, and gold.
Ezekiel 27:32	And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and lament over thee, saying, What city is like Tyrus, like the destroyed in the midst of the sea?
Ezekiel 28:6	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast set thine heart as the heart of God;
Ezekiel 28:16	By the multitude of thy merchandise they have filled the midst of thee with violence, and thou hast sinned: therefore I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God: and I will destroy thee, O covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire.
Ezekiel 28:26	And they shall dwell safely therein, and shall build houses, and plant vineyards; yea, they shall dwell with confidence, when I have executed judgments upon all those that despise them round about them; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God.
Ezekiel 29:10	Behold, therefore I am against thee, and against thy rivers, and I will make the land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of Syene even unto the border of Ethiopia.
Ezekiel 29:20	I have given him the land of Egypt for his labour wherewith he served against it, because they wrought for me, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 30:9	In that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come upon them, as in the day of Egypt: for, lo, it cometh.
Ezekiel 30:19	Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 31:3	Behold, the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a shadowing shroud, and of an high stature; and his top was among the thick boughs.
Ezekiel 31:13	Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches:
Ezekiel 32:5	And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains, and fill the valleys with thy height.
Ezekiel 32:15	When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell therein, then shall they know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 32:25	They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword: though their terror was caused in the land of the living, yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit: he is put in the midst of them that be slain.
Ezekiel 33:3	If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people;
Ezekiel 33:13	When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righteousness, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity that he hath committed, he shall die for it.
Ezekiel 33:23	Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 33:33	And when this cometh to pass, (lo, it will come,) then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them.
Ezekiel 34:10	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth, that they may not be meat for them.
Ezekiel 34:20	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD unto them; Behold, I, even I, will judge between the fat cattle and between the lean cattle.
Ezekiel 34:30	Thus shall they know that I the LORD their God am with them, and that they, even the house of Israel, are my people, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 35:9	I will make thee perpetual desolations, and thy cities shall not return: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 36:4	Therefore, ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, to the desolate wastes, and to the cities that are forsaken, which became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about;
Ezekiel 36:14	Therefore thou shalt devour men no more, neither bereave thy nations any more, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 36:24	For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out of all countries, and will bring you into your own land.
Ezekiel 36:34	And the desolate land shall be tilled, whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by.
Ezekiel 37:6	And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 37:16	Moreover, thou son of man, take thee one stick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions: then take another stick, and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim and for all the house of Israel his companions:
Ezekiel 37:26	Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore.
Ezekiel 38:8	After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have been always waste: but it is brought forth out of the nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them.
Ezekiel 38:18	And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my face.
Ezekiel 39:5	Thou shalt fall upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 39:15	And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it in the valley of Hamongog.
Ezekiel 39:25	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be jealous for my holy name;
Ezekiel 40:6	Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad.
Ezekiel 40:16	And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the gate round about, and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and upon each post were palm trees.
Ezekiel 40:26	And there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, upon the posts thereof.
Ezekiel 40:36	The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.
Ezekiel 40:46	And the chamber whose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minister unto him.
Ezekiel 41:7	And there was an enlarging, and a winding about still upward to the side chambers: for the winding about of the house went still upward round about the house: therefore the breadth of the house was still upward, and so increased from the lowest chamber to the highest by the midst.
Ezekiel 41:17	To that above the door, even unto the inner house, and without, and by all the wall round about within and without, by measure.
Ezekiel 42:1	Then he brought me forth into the utter court, the way toward the north: and he brought me into the chamber that was over against the separate place, and which was before the building toward the north.
Ezekiel 42:11	And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers which were toward the north, as long as they, and as broad as they: and all their goings out were both according to their fashions, and according to their doors.
Ezekiel 43:1	Afterward he brought me to the gate, even the gate that looketh toward the east:
Ezekiel 43:11	And if they be ashamed of all that they have done, shew them the form of the house, and the fashion thereof, and the goings out thereof, and the comings in thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the laws thereof: and write it in their sight, that they may keep the whole form thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and do them.
Ezekiel 43:21	Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering, and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the sanctuary.
Ezekiel 44:4	Then brought he me the way of the north gate before the house: and I looked, and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house of the LORD: and I fell upon my face.
Ezekiel 44:14	But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein.
Ezekiel 44:24	And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judgments: and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies; and they shall hallow my sabbaths.
Ezekiel 45:3	And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place.
Ezekiel 45:13	This is the oblation that ye shall offer; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of wheat, and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley:
Ezekiel 45:23	And seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to the LORD, seven bullocks and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days; and a kid of the goats daily for a sin offering.
Ezekiel 46:8	And when the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof.
Ezekiel 46:18	Moreover the prince shall not take of the people's inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of their possession; but he shall give his sons inheritance out of his own possession: that my people be not scattered every man from his possession.
Ezekiel 47:4	Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through the waters; the waters were to the knees. Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through; the waters were to the loins.
Ezekiel 47:14	And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance.
Ezekiel 48:1	Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus northward, to the coast of Hamath; for these are his sides east and west; a portion for Dan.
Ezekiel 48:11	It shall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of Zadok; which have kept my charge, which went not astray when the children of Israel went astray, as the Levites went astray.
Ezekiel 48:21	And the residue shall be for the prince, on the one side and on the other of the holy oblation, and of the possession of the city, over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the east border, and westward over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west border, over against the portions for the prince: and it shall be the holy oblation; and the sanctuary of the house shall be in the midst thereof.
Ezekiel 48:31	And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi.
Daniel 1:6	Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah:
Daniel 1:16	Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat, and the wine that they should drink; and gave them pulse.
Daniel 2:5	The king answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and your houses shall be made a dunghill.
Daniel 2:15	He answered and said to Arioch the king's captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the king? Then Arioch made the thing known to Daniel.
Daniel 2:25	Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste, and said thus unto him, I have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will make known unto the king the interpretation.
Daniel 2:35	Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth.
Daniel 2:45	Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure.
Daniel 3:6	And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
Daniel 3:16	Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, answered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter.
Daniel 3:26	Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, came forth of the midst of the fire.
Daniel 4:6	Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream.
Daniel 4:16	Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over him.
Daniel 4:26	And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule.
Daniel 4:36	At the same time my reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kingdom, mine honour and brightness returned unto me; and my counsellors and my lords sought unto me; and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added unto me.
Daniel 5:9	Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied.
Daniel 5:19	And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembled and feared before him: whom he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom he would he set up; and whom he would he put down.
Daniel 5:29	Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom.
Daniel 6:8	Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.
Daniel 6:18	Then the king went to his palace, and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him.
Daniel 6:28	So this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius, and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian.
Daniel 7:10	A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened.
Daniel 7:20	And of the ten horns that were in his head, and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell; even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows.
Daniel 8:2	And I saw in a vision; and it came to pass, when I saw, that I was at Shushan in the palace, which is in the province of Elam; and I saw in a vision, and I was by the river of Ulai.
Daniel 8:12	And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practised, and prospered.
Daniel 8:22	Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power.
Daniel 9:5	We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments:
Daniel 9:15	And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly.
Daniel 9:25	Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times.
Daniel 10:8	Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength.
Daniel 10:18	Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me,
Daniel 11:7	But out of a branch of her roots shall one stand up in his estate, which shall come with an army, and shall enter into the fortress of the king of the north, and shall deal against them, and shall prevail:
Daniel 11:17	He shall also set his face to enter with the strength of his whole kingdom, and upright ones with him; thus shall he do: and he shall give him the daughter of women, corrupting her: but she shall not stand on his side, neither be for him.
Daniel 11:27	And both of these kings' hearts shall be to do mischief, and they shall speak lies at one table; but it shall not prosper: for yet the end shall be at the time appointed.
Daniel 11:37	Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above all.
Daniel 12:2	And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt.
Daniel 12:12	Blessed is he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand three hundred and five and thirty days.
Hosea 1:9	Then said God, Call his name Loammi: for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God.
Hosea 2:8	For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal.
Hosea 2:18	And in that day will I make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field and with the fowls of heaven, and with the creeping things of the ground: and I will break the bow and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down safely.
Hosea 3:5	Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days.
Hosea 4:10	For they shall eat, and not have enough: they shall commit whoredom, and shall not increase: because they have left off to take heed to the LORD.
Hosea 5:1	Hear ye this, O priests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for judgment is toward you, because ye have been a snare on Mizpah, and a net spread upon Tabor.
Hosea 5:11	Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, because he willingly walked after the commandment.
Hosea 6:6	For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.
Hosea 7:5	In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners.
Hosea 7:15	Though I have bound and strengthened their arms, yet do they imagine mischief against me.
Hosea 8:9	For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath hired lovers.
Hosea 9:5	What will ye do in the solemn day, and in the day of the feast of the LORD?
Hosea 9:15	All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters.
Hosea 10:8	The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us.
Hosea 11:3	I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not that I healed them.
Hosea 12:1	Ephraim feedeth on wind, and followeth after the east wind: he daily increaseth lies and desolation; and they do make a covenant with the Assyrians, and oil is carried into Egypt.
Hosea 12:11	Is there iniquity in Gilead? surely they are vanity: they sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal; yea, their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields.
Hosea 13:7	Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:
Hosea 14:1	O israel, return unto the LORD thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity.
Joel 1:2	Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?
Joel 1:12	The vine is dried up, and the fig tree languisheth; the pomegranate tree, the palm tree also, and the apple tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons of men.
Joel 2:2	A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations.
Joel 2:12	Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:
Joel 2:22	Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength.
Joel 2:32	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the LORD hath said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call.
Joel 3:10	Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I am strong.
Joel 3:20	But Judah shall dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation.
Amos 1:9	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant:
Amos 2:4	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:
Amos 2:14	Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong shall not strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver himself:
Amos 3:8	The lion hath roared, who will not fear? the Lord GOD hath spoken, who can but prophesy?
Amos 4:3	And ye shall go out at the breaches, every cow at that which is before her; and ye shall cast them into the palace, saith the LORD.
Amos 4:13	For, lo, he that formeth the mountains, and createth the wind, and declareth unto man what is his thought, that maketh the morning darkness, and treadeth upon the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name.
Amos 5:10	They hate him that rebuketh in the gate, and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly.
Amos 5:20	Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?
Amos 6:3	Ye that put far away the evil day, and cause the seat of violence to come near;
Amos 6:13	Ye which rejoice in a thing of nought, which say, Have we not taken to us horns by our own strength?
Amos 7:9	And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword.
Amos 8:2	And he said, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A basket of summer fruit. Then said the LORD unto me, The end is come upon my people of Israel; I will not again pass by them any more.
Amos 8:12	And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it.
Amos 9:8	Behold, the eyes of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the earth; saving that I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob, saith the LORD.
Obadiah 1:3	The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?
Obadiah 1:13	Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;
Jonah 1:2	Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me.
Jonah 1:12	And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you.
Jonah 2:5	The waters compassed me about, even to the soul: the depth closed me round about, the weeds were wrapped about my head.
Jonah 3:5	So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them.
Jonah 4:5	So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city.
Micah 1:4	And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place.
Micah 1:14	Therefore shalt thou give presents to Moreshethgath: the houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel.
Micah 2:8	Even of late my people is risen up as an enemy: ye pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass by securely as men averse from war.
Micah 3:5	Thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him.
Micah 4:3	And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Micah 4:13	Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth.
Micah 5:10	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:
Micah 6:5	O my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted, and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from Shittim unto Gilgal; that ye may know the righteousness of the LORD.
Micah 6:15	Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and sweet wine, but shalt not drink wine.
Micah 7:9	I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because I have sinned against him, until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness.
Micah 7:19	He will turn again, he will have compassion upon us; he will subdue our iniquities; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea.
Nahum 1:9	What do ye imagine against the LORD? he will make an utter end: affliction shall not rise up the second time.
Nahum 2:4	The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightnings.
Nahum 3:1	Woe to the bloody city! it is all full of lies and robbery; the prey departeth not;
Nahum 3:11	Thou also shalt be drunken: thou shalt be hid, thou also shalt seek strength because of the enemy.
Habakkuk 1:2	O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!
Habakkuk 1:12	Art thou not from everlasting, O LORD my God, mine Holy One? we shall not die. O LORD, thou hast ordained them for judgment; and, O mighty God, thou hast established them for correction.
Habakkuk 2:5	Yea also, because he transgresseth by wine, he is a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell, and is as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and heapeth unto him all people:
Habakkuk 2:15	Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness!
Habakkuk 3:5	Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet.
Habakkuk 3:15	Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the heap of great waters.
Zephaniah 1:6	And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him.
Zephaniah 1:16	A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers.
Zephaniah 2:8	I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the revilings of the children of Ammon, whereby they have reproached my people, and magnified themselves against their border.
Zephaniah 3:3	Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evening wolves; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow.
Zephaniah 3:13	The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity, nor speak lies; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth: for they shall feed and lie down, and none shall make them afraid.
Haggai 1:3	Then came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,
Haggai 1:13	Then spake Haggai the LORD's messenger in the LORD's message unto the people, saying, I am with you, saith the LORD.
Haggai 2:8	The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, saith the LORD of hosts.
Haggai 2:18	Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD's temple was laid, consider it.
Zechariah 1:5	Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?
Zechariah 1:15	And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction.
Zechariah 2:4	And said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein:
Zechariah 3:1	And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him.
Zechariah 4:1	And the angel that talked with me came again, and waked me, as a man that is wakened out of his sleep.
Zechariah 4:11	Then answered I, and said unto him, What are these two olive trees upon the right side of the candlestick and upon the left side thereof?
Zechariah 5:7	And, behold, there was lifted up a talent of lead: and this is a woman that sitteth in the midst of the ephah.
Zechariah 6:6	The black horses which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the grisled go forth toward the south country.
Zechariah 7:1	And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Darius, that the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah in the fourth day of the ninth month, even in Chisleu;
Zechariah 7:11	But they refused to hearken, and pulled away the shoulder, and stopped their ears, that they should not hear.
Zechariah 8:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east country, and from the west country;
Zechariah 8:17	And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbour; and love no false oath: for all these are things that I hate, saith the LORD.
Zechariah 9:4	Behold, the LORD will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; and she shall be devoured with fire.
Zechariah 9:14	And the LORD shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go forth as the lightning: and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds of the south.
Zechariah 10:7	And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD.
Zechariah 11:5	Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am rich: and their own shepherds pity them not.
Zechariah 11:15	And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd.
Zechariah 12:8	In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as God, as the angel of the LORD before them.
Zechariah 13:4	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive:
Zechariah 14:5	And ye shall flee to the valley of the mountains; for the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with thee.
Zechariah 14:15	And so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule, of the camel, and of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this plague.
Malachi 1:4	Whereas Edom saith, We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places; thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of wickedness, and, The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever.
Malachi 1:14	But cursed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock a male, and voweth, and sacrificeth unto the LORD a corrupt thing: for I am a great King, saith the LORD of hosts, and my name is dreadful among the heathen.
Malachi 2:10	Have we not all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?
Malachi 3:3	And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness.
Malachi 3:13	Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, What have we spoken so much against thee?
Malachi 4:5	Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:
Matthew 1:9	And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;
Matthew 1:19	Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a publick example, was minded to put her away privily.
Matthew 2:4	And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born.
Matthew 2:14	When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt:
Matthew 3:1	In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea,
Matthew 3:11	I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:
Matthew 4:4	But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
Matthew 4:14	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Matthew 4:24	And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatick, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them.
Matthew 5:9	Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
Matthew 5:19	Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:29	And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.
Matthew 5:39	But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.
Matthew 6:1	Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 6:11	Give us this day our daily bread.
Matthew 6:21	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Matthew 6:31	Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
Matthew 7:7	Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:
Matthew 7:17	Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.
Matthew 7:27	And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it.
Matthew 8:8	The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.
Matthew 8:18	Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side.
Matthew 8:28	And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way.
Matthew 9:4	And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?
Matthew 9:14	Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not?
Matthew 9:24	He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.
Matthew 9:34	But the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils.
Matthew 10:6	But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
Matthew 10:16	Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
Matthew 10:26	Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.
Matthew 10:36	And a man's foes shall be they of his own household.
Matthew 11:4	Jesus answered and said unto them, Go and shew John again those things which ye do hear and see:
Matthew 11:14	And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.
Matthew 11:24	But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee.
Matthew 12:4	How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?
Matthew 12:14	Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him.
Matthew 12:24	But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.
Matthew 12:34	O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.
Matthew 12:44	Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.
Matthew 13:4	And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:
Matthew 13:14	And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:
Matthew 13:24	Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:
Matthew 13:34	All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them:
Matthew 13:44	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.
Matthew 13:54	And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?
Matthew 14:6	But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Herodias danced before them, and pleased Herod.
Matthew 14:16	But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat.
Matthew 14:26	And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, It is a spirit; and they cried out for fear.
Matthew 14:36	And besought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole.
Matthew 15:10	And he called the multitude, and said unto them, Hear, and understand:
Matthew 15:20	These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man.
Matthew 15:30	And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them:
Matthew 16:1	The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven.
Matthew 16:11	How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?
Matthew 16:21	From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.
Matthew 17:3	And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.
Matthew 17:13	Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist.
Matthew 17:23	And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry.
Matthew 18:6	But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.
Matthew 18:16	But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.
Matthew 18:26	The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.
Matthew 19:1	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;
Matthew 19:11	But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given.
Matthew 19:21	Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.
Matthew 20:1	For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard.
Matthew 20:11	And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house,
Matthew 20:21	And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.
Matthew 20:31	And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.
Matthew 21:7	And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon.
Matthew 21:17	And he left them, and went out of the city into Bethany; and he lodged there.
Matthew 21:27	And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.
Matthew 21:37	But last of all he sent unto them his son, saying, They will reverence my son.
Matthew 22:1	And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said,
Matthew 22:11	And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:
Matthew 22:21	They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.
Matthew 22:31	But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,
Matthew 22:41	While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,
Matthew 23:5	But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments,
Matthew 23:15	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves.
Matthew 23:25	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess.
Matthew 23:35	That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the altar.
Matthew 24:6	And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.
Matthew 24:16	Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains:
Matthew 24:26	Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers; believe it not.
Matthew 24:36	But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.
Matthew 24:46	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.
Matthew 25:5	While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.
Matthew 25:15	And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey.
Matthew 25:25	And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine.
Matthew 25:35	For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:
Matthew 25:45	Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.
Matthew 26:9	For this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor.
Matthew 26:19	And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover.
Matthew 26:29	But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom.
Matthew 26:39	And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.
Matthew 26:49	And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.
Matthew 26:59	Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;
Matthew 26:69	Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came unto him, saying, Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee.
Matthew 27:4	Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that.
Matthew 27:14	And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly.
Matthew 27:24	When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it.
Matthew 27:34	They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink.
Matthew 27:44	The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.
Matthew 27:54	Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.
Matthew 27:64	Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first.
Matthew 28:8	And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and great joy; and did run to bring his disciples word.
Matthew 28:18	And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
Mark 1:8	I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.
Mark 1:18	And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.
Mark 1:28	And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee.
Mark 1:38	And he said unto them, Let us go into the next towns, that I may preach there also: for therefore came I forth.
Mark 2:3	And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four.
Mark 2:13	And he went forth again by the sea side; and all the multitude resorted unto him, and he taught them.
Mark 2:23	And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn.
Mark 3:5	And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other.
Mark 3:15	And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:
Mark 3:25	And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand.
Mark 3:35	For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.
Mark 4:10	And when he was alone, they that were about him with the twelve asked of him the parable.
Mark 4:20	And these are they which are sown on good ground; such as hear the word, and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirtyfold, some sixty, and some an hundred.
Mark 4:30	And he said, Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God? or with what comparison shall we compare it?
Mark 4:40	And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?
Mark 5:9	And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we are many.
Mark 5:19	Howbeit Jesus suffered him not, but saith unto him, Go home to thy friends, and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee, and hath had compassion on thee.
Mark 5:29	And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.
Mark 5:39	And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.
Mark 6:6	And he marvelled because of their unbelief. And he went round about the villages, teaching.
Mark 6:16	But when Herod heard thereof, he said, It is John, whom I beheaded: he is risen from the dead.
Mark 6:26	And the king was exceeding sorry; yet for his oath's sake, and for their sakes which sat with him, he would not reject her.
Mark 6:36	Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat.
Mark 6:46	And when he had sent them away, he departed into a mountain to pray.
Mark 6:56	And whithersoever he entered, into villages, or cities, or country, they laid the sick in the streets, and besought him that they might touch if it were but the border of his garment: and as many as touched him were made whole.
Mark 7:10	For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:
Mark 7:20	And he said, That which cometh out of the man, that defileth the man.
Mark 7:30	And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid upon the bed.
Mark 8:3	And if I send them away fasting to their own houses, they will faint by the way: for divers of them came from far.
Mark 8:13	And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side.
Mark 8:23	And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.
Mark 8:33	But when he had turned about and looked on his disciples, he rebuked Peter, saying, Get thee behind me, Satan: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men.
Mark 9:5	And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.
Mark 9:15	And straightway all the people, when they beheld him, were greatly amazed, and running to him saluted him.
Mark 9:25	When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.
Mark 9:35	And he sat down, and called the twelve, and saith unto them, If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all.
Mark 9:45	And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:
Mark 10:5	And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept.
Mark 10:15	Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein.
Mark 10:25	It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Mark 10:35	And James and John, the sons of Zebedee, come unto him, saying, Master, we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire.
Mark 10:45	For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
Mark 11:3	And if any man say unto you, Why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him; and straightway he will send him hither.
Mark 11:13	And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.
Mark 11:23	For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.
Mark 11:33	And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things.
Mark 12:10	And have ye not read this scripture; The stone which the builders rejected is become the head of the corner:
Mark 12:20	Now there were seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and dying left no seed.
Mark 12:30	And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment.
Mark 12:40	Which devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayers: these shall receive greater damnation.
Mark 13:6	For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.
Mark 13:16	And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment.
Mark 13:26	And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.
Mark 13:36	Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping.
Mark 14:9	Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her.
Mark 14:19	And they began to be sorrowful, and to say unto him one by one, Is it I? and another said, Is it I?
Mark 14:29	But Peter said unto him, Although all shall be offended, yet will not I.
Mark 14:39	And again he went away, and prayed, and spake the same words.
Mark 14:49	I was daily with you in the temple teaching, and ye took me not: but the scriptures must be fulfilled.
Mark 14:59	But neither so did their witness agree together.
Mark 14:69	And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that stood by, This is one of them.
Mark 15:7	And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection.
Mark 15:17	And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head,
Mark 15:27	And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.
Mark 15:37	And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost.
Mark 15:47	And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid.
Mark 16:10	And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept.
Mark 16:20	And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.
Luke 1:10	And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.
Luke 1:20	And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.
Luke 1:30	And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.
Luke 1:40	And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth.
Luke 1:50	And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation.
Luke 1:60	And his mother answered and said, Not so; but he shall be called John.
Luke 1:70	As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:
Luke 1:80	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.
Luke 2:10	And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.
Luke 2:20	And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them.
Luke 2:30	For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,
Luke 2:40	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him.
Luke 2:50	And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them.
Luke 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.
Luke 3:18	And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people.
Luke 3:28	Which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Addi, which was the son of Cosam, which was the son of Elmodam, which was the son of Er,
Luke 3:38	Which was the son of Enos, which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.
Luke 4:10	For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:
Luke 4:20	And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.
Luke 4:30	But he passing through the midst of them went his way,
Luke 4:40	Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them unto him; and he laid his hands on every one of them, and healed them.
Luke 5:6	And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.
Luke 5:16	And he withdrew himself into the wilderness, and prayed.
Luke 5:26	And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.
Luke 5:36	And he spake also a parable unto them; No man putteth a piece of a new garment upon an old; if otherwise, then both the new maketh a rent, and the piece that was taken out of the new agreeth not with the old.
Luke 6:7	And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him.
Luke 6:17	And he came down with them, and stood in the plain, and the company of his disciples, and a great multitude of people out of all Judaea and Jerusalem, and from the sea coast of Tyre and Sidon, which came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases;
Luke 6:27	But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,
Luke 6:37	Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:
Luke 6:47	Whosoever cometh to me, and heareth my sayings, and doeth them, I will shew you to whom he is like:
Luke 7:8	For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.
Luke 7:18	And the disciples of John shewed him of all these things.
Luke 7:28	For I say unto you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he.
Luke 7:38	And stood at his feet behind him weeping, and began to wash his feet with tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the ointment.
Luke 7:48	And he said unto her, Thy sins are forgiven.
Luke 8:8	And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fruit an hundredfold. And when he had said these things, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Luke 8:18	Take heed therefore how ye hear: for whosoever hath, to him shall be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have.
Luke 8:28	When he saw Jesus, he cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God most high? I beseech thee, torment me not.
Luke 8:38	Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him: but Jesus sent him away, saying,
Luke 8:48	And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.
Luke 9:2	And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God, and to heal the sick.
Luke 9:12	And when the day began to wear away, then came the twelve, and said unto him, Send the multitude away, that they may go into the towns and country round about, and lodge, and get victuals: for we are here in a desert place.
Luke 9:22	Saying, The Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised the third day.
Luke 9:32	But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep: and when they were awake, they saw his glory, and the two men that stood with him.
Luke 9:42	And as he was yet a coming, the devil threw him down, and tare him. And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, and healed the child, and delivered him again to his father.
Luke 9:52	And sent messengers before his face: and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him.
Luke 9:62	And Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.
Luke 10:10	But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say,
Luke 10:20	Notwithstanding in this rejoice not, that the spirits are subject unto you; but rather rejoice, because your names are written in heaven.
Luke 10:30	And Jesus answering said, A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.
Luke 10:40	But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me.
Luke 11:8	I say unto you, Though he will not rise and give him, because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth.
Luke 11:18	If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.
Luke 11:28	But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.
Luke 11:38	And when the Pharisee saw it, he marvelled that he had not first washed before dinner.
Luke 11:48	Truly ye bear witness that ye allow the deeds of your fathers: for they indeed killed them, and ye build their sepulchres.
Luke 12:4	And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.
Luke 12:14	And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?
Luke 12:24	Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more are ye better than the fowls?
Luke 12:34	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Luke 12:44	Of a truth I say unto you, that he will make him ruler over all that he hath.
Luke 12:54	And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is.
Luke 13:5	I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.
Luke 13:15	The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypocrite, doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering?
Luke 13:25	When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are:
Luke 13:35	Behold, your house is left unto you desolate: and verily I say unto you, Ye shall not see me, until the time come when ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.
Luke 14:10	But when thou art bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room; that when he that bade thee cometh, he may say unto thee, Friend, go up higher: then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee.
Luke 14:20	And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.
Luke 14:30	Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.
Luke 15:5	And when he hath found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing.
Luke 15:15	And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine.
Luke 15:25	Now his elder son was in the field: and as he came and drew nigh to the house, he heard musick and dancing.
Luke 16:3	Then the steward said within himself, What shall I do? for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to beg I am ashamed.
Luke 16:13	No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Luke 16:23	And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.
Luke 17:2	It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones.
Luke 17:12	And as he entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off:
Luke 17:22	And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it.
Luke 17:32	Remember Lot's wife.
Luke 18:5	Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me.
Luke 18:15	And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.
Luke 18:25	For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Luke 18:35	And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:
Luke 19:2	And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich.
Luke 19:12	He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.
Luke 19:22	And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow:
Luke 19:32	And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto them.
Luke 19:42	Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
Luke 20:4	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men?
Luke 20:14	But when the husbandmen saw him, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours.
Luke 20:24	Shew me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it? They answered and said, Caesar's.
Luke 20:34	And Jesus answering said unto them, The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage:
Luke 20:44	David therefore calleth him Lord, how is he then his son?
Luke 21:7	And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass?
Luke 21:17	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake.
Luke 21:27	And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory.
Luke 21:37	And in the day time he was teaching in the temple; and at night he went out, and abode in the mount that is called the mount of Olives.
Luke 22:9	And they said unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare?
Luke 22:19	And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me.
Luke 22:29	And I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me;
Luke 22:39	And he came out, and went, as he was wont, to the mount of Olives; and his disciples also followed him.
Luke 22:49	When they which were about him saw what would follow, they said unto him, Lord, shall we smite with the sword?
Luke 22:59	And about the space of one hour after another confidently affirmed, saying, Of a truth this fellow also was with him: for he is a Galilaean.
Luke 22:69	Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God.
Luke 23:8	And when Herod saw Jesus, he was exceeding glad: for he was desirous to see him of a long season, because he had heard many things of him; and he hoped to have seen some miracle done by him.
Luke 23:18	And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas:
Luke 23:28	But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children.
Luke 23:38	And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Luke 23:48	And all the people that came together to that sight, beholding the things which were done, smote their breasts, and returned.
Luke 24:2	And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre.
Luke 24:12	Then arose Peter, and ran unto the sepulchre; and stooping down, he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass.
Luke 24:22	Yea, and certain women also of our company made us astonished, which were early at the sepulchre;
Luke 24:32	And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?
Luke 24:42	And they gave him a piece of a broiled fish, and of an honeycomb.
Luke 24:52	And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy:
John 1:9	That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.
John 1:19	And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?
John 1:29	The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.
John 1:39	He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour.
John 1:49	Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.
John 2:8	And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it.
John 2:18	Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things?
John 3:3	Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
John 3:13	And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.
John 3:23	And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.
John 3:33	He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true.
John 4:7	There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.
John 4:17	The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:
John 4:27	And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?
John 4:37	And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth.
John 4:47	When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judaea into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death.
John 5:3	In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.
John 5:13	And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place.
John 5:23	That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him.
John 5:33	Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth.
John 5:43	I am come in my Father's name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive.
John 6:6	And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do.
John 6:16	And when even was now come, his disciples went down unto the sea,
John 6:26	Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled.
John 6:36	But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not.
John 6:46	Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father.
John 6:56	He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him.
John 6:66	From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him.
John 7:5	For neither did his brethren believe in him.
John 7:15	And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?
John 7:25	Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?
John 7:35	Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?
John 7:45	Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him?
John 8:2	And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the people came unto him; and he sat down, and taught them.
John 8:12	Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.
John 8:22	Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come.
John 8:32	And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
John 8:42	Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me.
John 8:52	Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death.
John 9:3	Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.
John 9:13	They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.
John 9:23	Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.
John 9:33	If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.
John 10:2	But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
John 10:12	But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep.
John 10:22	And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter.
John 10:32	Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?
John 10:42	And many believed on him there.
John 11:10	But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him.
John 11:20	Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.
John 11:30	Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him.
John 11:40	Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?
John 11:50	Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.
John 12:3	Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.
John 12:13	Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.
John 12:23	And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
John 12:33	This he said, signifying what death he should die.
John 12:43	For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God.
John 13:3	Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;
John 13:13	Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am.
John 13:23	Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.
John 13:33	Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you.
John 14:5	Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?
John 14:15	If ye love me, keep my commandments.
John 14:25	These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you.
John 15:4	Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.
John 15:14	Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.
John 15:24	If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.
John 16:7	Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.
John 16:17	Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?
John 16:27	For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.
John 17:4	I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.
John 17:14	I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:24	Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.
John 18:8	Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:
John 18:18	And the servants and officers stood there, who had made a fire of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself.
John 18:28	Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover.
John 18:38	Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all.
John 19:8	When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid;
John 19:18	Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst.
John 19:28	After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.
John 19:38	And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.
John 20:6	Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulchre, and seeth the linen clothes lie,
John 20:16	Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master.
John 20:26	And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you.
John 21:5	Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat? They answered him, No.
John 21:15	So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.
John 21:25	And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen.
Acts 1:10	And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;
Acts 1:20	For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his bishoprick let another take.
Acts 2:4	And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
Acts 2:14	But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:
Acts 2:24	Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.
Acts 2:34	For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,
Acts 2:44	And all that believed were together, and had all things common;
Acts 3:7	And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.
Acts 3:17	And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers.
Acts 4:1	And as they spake unto the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came upon them,
Acts 4:11	This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.
Acts 4:21	So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done.
Acts 4:31	And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness.
Acts 5:4	Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart? thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God.
Acts 5:14	And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.)
Acts 5:24	Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, they doubted of them whereunto this would grow.
Acts 5:34	Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space;
Acts 6:2	Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them, and said, It is not reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables.
Acts 6:12	And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came upon him, and caught him, and brought him to the council,
Acts 7:7	And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge, said God: and after that shall they come forth, and serve me in this place.
Acts 7:17	But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,
Acts 7:27	But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us?
Acts 7:37	This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear.
Acts 7:47	But Solomon built him an house.
Acts 7:57	Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon him with one accord,
Acts 8:7	For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed.
Acts 8:17	Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.
Acts 8:27	And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,
Acts 8:37	And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
Acts 9:7	And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man.
Acts 9:17	And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.
Acts 9:27	But Barnabas took him, and brought him to the apostles, and declared unto them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus.
Acts 9:37	And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.
Acts 10:4	And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God.
Acts 10:14	But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean.
Acts 10:24	And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and he had called together his kinsmen and near friends.
Acts 10:34	Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:
Acts 10:44	While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.
Acts 11:6	Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.
Acts 11:16	Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost.
Acts 11:26	And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.
Acts 12:6	And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.
Acts 12:16	But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened the door, and saw him, they were astonished.
Acts 13:1	Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul.
Acts 13:11	And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.
Acts 13:21	And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years.
Acts 13:31	And he was seen many days of them which came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses unto the people.
Acts 13:41	Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you.
Acts 13:51	But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium.
Acts 14:9	The same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had faith to be healed,
Acts 14:19	And there came thither certain Jews from Antioch and Iconium, who persuaded the people, and having stoned Paul, drew him out of the city, supposing he had been dead.
Acts 15:1	And certain men which came down from Judaea taught the brethren, and said, Except ye be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved.
Acts 15:11	But we believe that through the grace of the LORD Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.
Acts 15:21	For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day.
Acts 15:31	Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation.
Acts 15:41	And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches.
Acts 16:10	And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them.
Acts 16:20	And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,
Acts 16:30	And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?
Acts 16:40	And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and departed.
Acts 17:10	And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.
Acts 17:20	For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean.
Acts 17:30	And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:
Acts 18:6	And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean; from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles.
Acts 18:16	And he drave them from the judgment seat.
Acts 18:26	And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly.
Acts 19:8	And he went into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months, disputing and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God.
Acts 19:18	And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds.
Acts 19:28	And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.
Acts 19:38	Wherefore if Demetrius, and the craftsmen which are with him, have a matter against any man, the law is open, and there are deputies: let them implead one another.
Acts 20:7	And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight.
Acts 20:17	And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church.
Acts 20:27	For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.
Acts 20:37	And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him,
Acts 21:9	And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy.
Acts 21:19	And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry.
Acts 21:29	(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)
Acts 21:39	But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people.
Acts 22:9	And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me.
Acts 22:19	And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee:
Acts 22:29	Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him.
Acts 23:9	And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that were of the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against God.
Acts 23:19	Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went with him aside privately, and asked him, What is that thou hast to tell me?
Acts 23:29	Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds.
Acts 24:4	Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words.
Acts 24:14	But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:
Acts 24:24	And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ.
Acts 25:7	And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove.
Acts 25:17	Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought forth.
Acts 25:27	For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not withal to signify the crimes laid against him.
Acts 26:10	Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against them.
Acts 26:20	But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance.
Acts 26:30	And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them:
Acts 27:8	And, hardly passing it, came unto a place which is called The fair havens; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea.
Acts 27:18	And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;
Acts 27:28	And sounded, and found it twenty fathoms: and when they had gone a little further, they sounded again, and found it fifteen fathoms.
Acts 27:38	And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea.
Acts 28:4	And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live.
Acts 28:14	Where we found brethren, and were desired to tarry with them seven days: and so we went toward Rome.
Acts 28:24	And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed not.
Romans 1:3	Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;
Romans 1:13	Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.
Romans 1:23	And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.
Romans 2:1	Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.
Romans 2:11	For there is no respect of persons with God.
Romans 2:21	Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?
Romans 3:2	Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God.
Romans 3:12	They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Romans 3:22	Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:
Romans 4:1	What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, hath found?
Romans 4:11	And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:
Romans 4:21	And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
Romans 5:6	For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.
Romans 5:16	And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offences unto justification.
Romans 6:5	For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection:
Romans 6:15	What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.
Romans 7:2	For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.
Romans 7:12	Wherefore the law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good.
Romans 7:22	For I delight in the law of God after the inward man:
Romans 8:7	Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.
Romans 8:17	And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.
Romans 8:27	And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.
Romans 8:37	Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
Romans 9:8	That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.
Romans 9:18	Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth.
Romans 9:28	For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth.
Romans 10:5	For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them.
Romans 10:15	And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!
Romans 11:4	But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.
Romans 11:14	If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.
Romans 11:24	For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?
Romans 11:34	For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counsellor?
Romans 12:8	Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.
Romans 12:18	If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.
Romans 13:7	Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.
Romans 14:3	Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth: for God hath received him.
Romans 14:13	Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother's way.
Romans 14:23	And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin.
Romans 15:10	And again he saith, Rejoice, ye Gentiles, with his people.
Romans 15:20	Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation:
Romans 15:30	Now I beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me;
Romans 16:7	Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellow-prisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.
Romans 16:17	Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them.
Romans 16:27	To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen.
1 Corinthians 1:10	Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.
1 Corinthians 1:20	Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?
1 Corinthians 1:30	But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:
1 Corinthians 2:9	But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.
1 Corinthians 3:3	For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?
1 Corinthians 3:13	Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.
1 Corinthians 3:23	And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's.
1 Corinthians 4:10	We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised.
1 Corinthians 4:20	For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.
1 Corinthians 5:9	I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:
1 Corinthians 6:6	But brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers.
1 Corinthians 6:16	What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh.
1 Corinthians 7:6	But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.
1 Corinthians 7:16	For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?
1 Corinthians 7:26	I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be.
1 Corinthians 7:36	But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry.
1 Corinthians 8:6	But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.
1 Corinthians 9:3	Mine answer to them that do examine me is this,
1 Corinthians 9:13	Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?
1 Corinthians 9:23	And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you.|
1 Corinthians 10:6	Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted.
1 Corinthians 10:16	The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?
1 Corinthians 10:26	For the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof.
1 Corinthians 11:3	But I would have you know, that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God.
1 Corinthians 11:13	Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?
1 Corinthians 11:23	For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread:
1 Corinthians 11:33	Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another.
1 Corinthians 12:9	To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;
1 Corinthians 12:19	And if they were all one member, where were the body?
1 Corinthians 12:29	Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of miracles?
1 Corinthians 13:8	Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away.
1 Corinthians 14:5	I would that ye all spake with tongues but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.
1 Corinthians 14:15	What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also: I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also.
1 Corinthians 14:25	And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.
1 Corinthians 14:35	And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.
1 Corinthians 15:5	And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:
1 Corinthians 15:15	Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not.
1 Corinthians 15:25	For he must reign, till he hath put all enemies under his feet.
1 Corinthians 15:35	But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come?
1 Corinthians 15:45	And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit.
1 Corinthians 15:55	O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?
1 Corinthians 16:7	For I will not see you now by the way; but I trust to tarry a while with you, if the Lord permit.
1 Corinthians 16:17	I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied.
2 Corinthians 1:3	Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;
2 Corinthians 1:13	For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;
2 Corinthians 1:23	Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth.
2 Corinthians 2:9	For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things.
2 Corinthians 3:2	Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men:
2 Corinthians 3:12	Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech:
2 Corinthians 4:4	In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.
2 Corinthians 4:14	Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you.
2 Corinthians 5:6	Therefore we are always confident, knowing that, whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord:
2 Corinthians 5:16	Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more.
2 Corinthians 6:5	In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;
2 Corinthians 6:15	And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?
2 Corinthians 7:7	And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.
2 Corinthians 8:1	Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;
2 Corinthians 8:11	Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have.
2 Corinthians 8:21	Providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men.
2 Corinthians 9:7	Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.
2 Corinthians 10:2	But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh.
2 Corinthians 10:12	For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.
2 Corinthians 11:4	For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him.
2 Corinthians 11:14	And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
2 Corinthians 11:24	Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.
2 Corinthians 12:1	It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord.
2 Corinthians 12:11	I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought to have been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles, though I be nothing.
2 Corinthians 12:21	And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed.
2 Corinthians 13:10	Therefore I write these things being absent, lest being present I should use sharpness, according to the power which the Lord hath given me to edification, and not to destruction.
Galatians 1:6	I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:
Galatians 1:16	To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood:
Galatians 2:2	And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in vain.
Galatians 2:12	For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision.
Galatians 3:1	O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you?
Galatians 3:11	But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.
Galatians 3:21	Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law.
Galatians 4:2	But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father.
Galatians 4:12	Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all.
Galatians 4:22	For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.
Galatians 5:1	Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
Galatians 5:11	And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.
Galatians 5:21	Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
Galatians 6:5	For every man shall bear his own burden.
Galatians 6:15	For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature.
Ephesians 1:7	In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;
Ephesians 1:17	That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:
Ephesians 2:4	But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us,
Ephesians 2:14	For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;
Ephesians 3:2	If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:
Ephesians 3:12	In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him.
Ephesians 4:1	I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,
Ephesians 4:11	And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;
Ephesians 4:21	If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:
Ephesians 4:31	Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
Ephesians 5:9	(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)
Ephesians 5:19	Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
Ephesians 5:29	For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church:
Ephesians 6:6	Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
Ephesians 6:16	Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Philippians 1:2	Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:12	But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;
Philippians 1:22	But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not.
Philippians 2:2	Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.
Philippians 2:12	Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.
Philippians 2:22	But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel.
Philippians 3:2	Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision.
Philippians 3:12	Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:1	Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved.
Philippians 4:11	Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content.
Philippians 4:21	Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren which are with me greet you.
Colossians 1:8	Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit.
Colossians 1:18	And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.
Colossians 1:28	Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:
Colossians 2:9	For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.
Colossians 2:19	And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the increase of God.
Colossians 3:6	For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:
Colossians 3:16	Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.
Colossians 4:1	Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven.
Colossians 4:11	And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me.
1 Thessalonians 1:3	Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father;
1 Thessalonians 2:3	For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:
1 Thessalonians 2:13	For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe.
1 Thessalonians 3:3	That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto.
1 Thessalonians 3:13	To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints.
1 Thessalonians 4:10	And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;
1 Thessalonians 5:2	For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night.
1 Thessalonians 5:12	And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you;
1 Thessalonians 5:22	Abstain from all appearance of evil.
2 Thessalonians 1:4	So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure:
2 Thessalonians 2:2	That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.
2 Thessalonians 2:12	That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.
2 Thessalonians 3:5	And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.
2 Thessalonians 3:15	Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.
1 Timothy 1:7	Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm.
1 Timothy 1:17	Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.
1 Timothy 2:7	Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity.
1 Timothy 3:2	A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;
1 Timothy 3:12	Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.
1 Timothy 4:6	If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.
1 Timothy 4:16	Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.
1 Timothy 5:10	Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.
1 Timothy 5:20	Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.
1 Timothy 6:5	Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself.
1 Timothy 6:15	Which in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;
2 Timothy 1:4	Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy;
2 Timothy 1:14	That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us.
2 Timothy 2:6	The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits.
2 Timothy 2:16	But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness.
2 Timothy 2:26	And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will.
2 Timothy 3:10	But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience,
2 Timothy 4:3	For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;
2 Timothy 4:13	The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.
Titus 1:1	Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;
Titus 1:11	Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake.
Titus 2:5	To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.
Titus 2:15	These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man despise thee.
Titus 3:10	A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;
Philemon 1:5	Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;
Philemon 1:15	For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;
Philemon 1:25	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Hebrews 1:10	And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:
Hebrews 2:6	But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that thou art mindful of him? or the son of man that thou visitest him?
Hebrews 2:16	For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham.
Hebrews 3:8	Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:
Hebrews 3:18	And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?
Hebrews 4:9	There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God.
Hebrews 5:3	And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for himself, to offer for sins.
Hebrews 5:13	For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe.
Hebrews 6:9	But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.
Hebrews 6:19	Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into that within the veil;
Hebrews 7:9	And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.
Hebrews 7:19	For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God.
Hebrews 8:1	Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;
Hebrews 8:11	And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.
Hebrews 9:8	The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing:
Hebrews 9:18	Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood.
Hebrews 9:28	So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation.
Hebrews 10:10	By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
Hebrews 10:20	By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;
Hebrews 10:30	For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.
Hebrews 11:1	Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Hebrews 11:11	Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she judged him faithful who had promised.
Hebrews 11:21	By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.
Hebrews 11:31	By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not, when she had received the spies with peace.
Hebrews 12:1	Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,
Hebrews 12:11	Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.
Hebrews 12:21	And so terrible was the sight, that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:)
Hebrews 13:2	Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
Hebrews 13:12	Wherefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate.
Hebrews 13:22	And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter unto you in few words.
James 1:7	For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.
James 1:17	Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.
James 1:27	Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.
James 2:10	For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.
James 2:20	But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?
James 3:4	Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.
James 3:14	But if ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth.
James 4:6	But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.
James 4:16	But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil.
James 5:9	Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door.
James 5:19	Brethren, if any of you do err from the truth, and one convert him;
1 Peter 1:9	Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls.
1 Peter 1:19	But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot:
1 Peter 2:4	To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,
1 Peter 2:14	Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well.
1 Peter 2:24	Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.
1 Peter 3:9	Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that ye are thereunto called, that ye should inherit a blessing.
1 Peter 3:19	By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison;
1 Peter 4:7	But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.
1 Peter 4:17	For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?
1 Peter 5:8	Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:
2 Peter 1:4	Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.
2 Peter 1:14	Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me.
2 Peter 2:3	And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damnation slumbereth not.
2 Peter 2:13	And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceivings while they feast with you;
2 Peter 3:1	This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:
2 Peter 3:11	Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness,
1 John 1:3	That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us: and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his Son Jesus Christ.
1 John 2:3	And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments.
1 John 2:13	I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father.
1 John 2:23	Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also.
1 John 3:4	Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.
1 John 3:14	We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.
1 John 3:24	And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.
1 John 4:10	Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
1 John 4:20	If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?
1 John 5:9	If we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater: for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.
1 John 5:19	And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.
2 John 1:8	Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward.
3 John 1:5	Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren, and to strangers;
Jude 1:1	Jude, the servant of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, to them that are sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus Christ, and called:
Jude 1:11	Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.
Jude 1:21	Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
Revelation 1:6	And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Revelation 1:16	And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength.
Revelation 2:6	But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.
Revelation 2:16	Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.
Revelation 2:26	And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations:
Revelation 3:7	And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth;
Revelation 3:17	Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:
Revelation 4:5	And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.
Revelation 5:4	And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.
Revelation 5:14	And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.
Revelation 6:10	And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?
Revelation 7:3	Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads.
Revelation 7:13	And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they?
Revelation 8:6	And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.
Revelation 9:3	And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.
Revelation 9:13	And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God,
Revelation 10:2	And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth,
Revelation 11:1	And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein.
Revelation 11:11	And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them.
Revelation 12:2	And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.
Revelation 12:12	Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.
Revelation 13:5	And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months.
Revelation 13:15	And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.
Revelation 14:7	Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters.
Revelation 14:17	And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle.
Revelation 15:7	And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels seven golden vials full of the wrath of God, who liveth for ever and ever.
Revelation 16:9	And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of God, which hath power over these plagues: and they repented not to give him glory.
Revelation 16:19	And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath.
Revelation 17:8	The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.
Revelation 17:18	And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth.
Revelation 18:10	Standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.
Revelation 18:20	Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.
Revelation 19:6	And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.
Revelation 19:16	And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
Revelation 20:5	But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection.
Revelation 20:15	And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Revelation 21:10	And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God,
Revelation 21:20	The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.
Revelation 22:3	And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him:
Revelation 22:13	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
