Genesis 1:5	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
Genesis 1:15	And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so.
Genesis 1:25	And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 2:4	These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens,
Genesis 2:14	And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
Genesis 2:24	Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.
Genesis 3:9	And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?
Genesis 3:19	In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.
Genesis 4:5	But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.
Genesis 4:15	And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.
Genesis 4:25	And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew.
Genesis 5:9	And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:
Genesis 5:19	And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:29	And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed.
Genesis 6:7	And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.
Genesis 6:17	And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.
Genesis 7:5	And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him.
Genesis 7:15	And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein is the breath of life.
Genesis 8:1	And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters assuaged;
Genesis 8:11	And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf plucked off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.
Genesis 8:21	And the LORD smelled a sweet savor; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.
Genesis 9:9	And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you;
Genesis 9:19	These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread.
Genesis 9:29	And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
Genesis 10:10	And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar.
Genesis 10:20	These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.
Genesis 10:30	And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a mount of the east.
Genesis 11:8	So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city.
Genesis 11:18	And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu:
Genesis 11:28	And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees.
Genesis 12:6	And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.
Genesis 12:16	And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.
Genesis 13:6	And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.
Genesis 13:16	And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.
Genesis 14:8	And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim;
Genesis 14:18	And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.
Genesis 15:4	And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This shall not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir.
Genesis 15:14	And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.
Genesis 16:3	And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife.
Genesis 16:13	And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me?
Genesis 17:7	And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee.
Genesis 17:17	Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear?
Genesis 17:27	And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him.
Genesis 18:10	And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.
Genesis 18:20	And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous;
Genesis 18:30	And he said unto him, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.
Genesis 19:7	And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly.
Genesis 19:17	And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed.
Genesis 19:27	And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the LORD:
Genesis 19:37	And the first born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day.
Genesis 20:9	Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done.
Genesis 21:1	And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken.
Genesis 21:11	And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son.
Genesis 21:21	And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Genesis 21:31	Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there they sware both of them.
Genesis 22:7	And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?
Genesis 22:17	That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;
Genesis 23:3	And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the sons of Heth, saying,
Genesis 23:13	And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.
Genesis 24:3	And I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell:
Genesis 24:13	Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water:
Genesis 24:23	And said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in?
Genesis 24:33	And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on.
Genesis 24:43	Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink;
Genesis 24:53	And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things.
Genesis 24:63	And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, the camels were coming.
Genesis 25:6	But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country.
Genesis 25:16	These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations.
Genesis 25:26	And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them.
Genesis 26:2	And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of:
Genesis 26:12	Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him.
Genesis 26:22	And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.
Genesis 26:32	And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water.
Genesis 27:7	Bring me venison, and make me savory meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD before my death.
Genesis 27:17	And she gave the savory meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.
Genesis 27:27	And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed:
Genesis 27:37	And Isaac answered and said unto Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my son?
Genesis 28:1	And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan.
Genesis 28:11	And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep.
Genesis 28:21	So that I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God:
Genesis 29:9	And while he yet spake with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she kept them.
Genesis 29:19	And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.
Genesis 29:29	And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid.
Genesis 30:4	And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her.
Genesis 30:14	And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes.
Genesis 30:24	And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son.
Genesis 30:34	And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word.
Genesis 31:1	And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory.
Genesis 31:11	And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I.
Genesis 31:21	So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:31	And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me.
Genesis 31:41	Thus have I been twenty years in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy cattle: and thou hast changed my wages ten times.
Genesis 31:51	And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast betwixt me and thee:
Genesis 32:6	And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him.
Genesis 32:16	And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove.
Genesis 32:26	And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.
Genesis 33:4	And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept.
Genesis 33:14	Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my lord unto Seir.
Genesis 34:4	And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife.
Genesis 34:14	And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us:
Genesis 34:24	And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city.
Genesis 35:3	And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went.
Genesis 35:13	And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.
Genesis 35:23	The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun:
Genesis 36:4	And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bare Reuel;
Genesis 36:14	And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
Genesis 36:24	And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father.
Genesis 36:34	And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.
Genesis 37:1	And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 37:11	And his brethren envied him; but his father observed the saying.
Genesis 37:21	And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him.
Genesis 37:31	And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the blood;
Genesis 38:5	And she yet again conceived, and bare a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him.
Genesis 38:15	When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face.
Genesis 38:25	When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.
Genesis 39:5	And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had in the house, and in the field.
Genesis 39:15	And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out.
Genesis 40:2	And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.
Genesis 40:12	And Joseph said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days:
Genesis 40:22	But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.
Genesis 41:9	Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day:
Genesis 41:19	And, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill favored and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness:
Genesis 41:29	Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt:
Genesis 41:39	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God hath showed thee all this, there is none so discreet and wise as thou art:
Genesis 41:49	And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number.
Genesis 42:2	And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die.
Genesis 42:12	And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come.
Genesis 42:22	And Reuben answered them, saying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required.
Genesis 42:32	We be twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 43:4	If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food:
Genesis 43:14	And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved.
Genesis 43:24	And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender.
Genesis 43:34	And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him.
Genesis 44:10	And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and ye shall be blameless.
Genesis 44:20	And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him.
Genesis 44:30	Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life;
Genesis 45:6	For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be earing nor harvest.
Genesis 45:16	And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants.
Genesis 45:26	And told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not.
Genesis 46:8	And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn.
Genesis 46:18	These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls.
Genesis 46:28	And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen.
Genesis 47:4	They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen.
Genesis 47:14	And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.
Genesis 47:24	And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.
Genesis 48:3	And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me,
Genesis 48:13	And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him.
Genesis 49:1	And Jacob called unto his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days.
Genesis 49:11	Binding his foal unto the vine, and his ass's colt unto the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes:
Genesis 49:21	Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words.
Genesis 49:31	There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.
Genesis 50:8	And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen.
Genesis 50:18	And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants.
Exodus 1:2	Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah,
Exodus 1:12	But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because of the children of Israel.
Exodus 1:22	And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.
Exodus 2:10	And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water.
Exodus 2:20	And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread.
Exodus 3:5	And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.
Exodus 3:15	And God said moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations.
Exodus 4:3	And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it.
Exodus 4:13	And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send.
Exodus 4:23	And I say unto thee, Let my son go, that he may serve me: and if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn.
Exodus 5:2	And Pharaoh said, Who is the LORD, that I should obey his voice to let Israel go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let Israel go.
Exodus 5:12	So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw.
Exodus 5:22	And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, LORD, wherefore hast thou so evil entreated this people? why is it that thou hast sent me?
Exodus 6:9	And Moses spake so unto the children of Israel: but they hearkened not unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage.
Exodus 6:19	And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi according to their generations.
Exodus 6:29	That the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say unto thee.
Exodus 7:9	When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Show a miracle for you: then thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent.
Exodus 7:19	And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone.
Exodus 8:4	And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants.
Exodus 8:14	And they gathered them together upon heaps: and the land stank.
Exodus 8:24	And the LORD did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all the land of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies.
Exodus 9:2	For if thou refuse to let them go, and wilt hold them still,
Exodus 9:12	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had spoken unto Moses.
Exodus 9:22	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch forth thine hand toward heaven, that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt, upon man, and upon beast, and upon every herb of the field, throughout the land of Egypt.
Exodus 9:32	But the wheat and the rye were not smitten: for they were not grown up.
Exodus 10:7	And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall this man be a snare unto us? let the men go, that they may serve the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed?
Exodus 10:17	Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and entreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only.
Exodus 10:27	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he would not let them go.
Exodus 11:8	And all these thy servants shall come down unto me, and bow down themselves unto me, saying, Get thee out, and all the people that follow thee: and after that I will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger.
Exodus 12:8	And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, and unleavened bread; and with bitter herbs they shall eat it.
Exodus 12:18	In the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month at even, ye shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the month at even.
Exodus 12:28	And the children of Israel went away, and did as the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they.
Exodus 12:38	And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much cattle.
Exodus 12:48	And when a stranger shall sojourn with thee, and will keep the passover to the LORD, let all his males be circumcised, and then let him come near and keep it; and he shall be as one that is born in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof.
Exodus 13:7	Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days; and there shall no leavened bread be seen with thee, neither shall there be leaven seen with thee in all thy quarters.
Exodus 13:17	And it came to pass, when Pharaoh had let the people go, that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was near; for God said, Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war, and they return to Egypt:
Exodus 14:5	And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned against the people, and they said, Why have we done this, that we have let Israel go from serving us?
Exodus 14:15	And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:
Exodus 14:25	And took off their chariot wheels, that they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of Israel; for the LORD fighteth for them against the Egyptians.
Exodus 15:4	Pharaoh's chariots and his host hath he cast into the sea: his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red sea.
Exodus 15:14	The people shall hear, and be afraid: sorrow shall take hold on the inhabitants of Palestina.
Exodus 15:24	And the people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
Exodus 16:7	And in the morning, then ye shall see the glory of the LORD; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, that ye murmur against us?
Exodus 16:17	And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.
Exodus 16:27	And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the seventh day for to gather, and they found none.
Exodus 17:1	And all the congregation of the children of Israel journeyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their journeys, according to the commandment of the LORD, and pitched in Rephidim: and there was no water for the people to drink.
Exodus 17:11	And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he let down his hand, Amalek prevailed.
Exodus 18:5	And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God:
Exodus 18:15	And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to inquire of God:
Exodus 18:25	And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens.
Exodus 19:8	And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD hath spoken we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people unto the LORD.
Exodus 19:18	And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.
Exodus 20:3	Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Exodus 20:13	Thou shalt not kill.
Exodus 20:23	Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold.
Exodus 21:7	And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do.
Exodus 21:17	And he that curseth his father, or his mother, shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:27	And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake.
Exodus 22:1	If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep.
Exodus 22:11	Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both, that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbor's goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.
Exodus 22:21	Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 22:31	And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.
Exodus 23:10	And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof:
Exodus 23:20	Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.
Exodus 23:30	By little and little I will drive them out from before thee, until thou be increased, and inherit the land.
Exodus 24:7	And he took the book of the covenant, and read in the audience of the people: and they said, All that the LORD hath said will we do, and be obedient.
Exodus 24:17	And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of Israel.
Exodus 25:9	According to all that I show thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it.
Exodus 25:19	And make one cherub on the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubim on the two ends thereof.
Exodus 25:29	And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover withal: of pure gold shalt thou make them.
Exodus 25:39	Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels.
Exodus 26:9	And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves, and shalt double the sixth curtain in the forefront of the tabernacle.
Exodus 26:19	And thou shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.
Exodus 26:29	And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold.
Exodus 27:2	And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof: his horns shall be of the same: and thou shalt overlay it with brass.
Exodus 27:12	And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.
Exodus 28:1	And take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron's sons.
Exodus 28:11	With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a signet, shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names of the children of Israel: thou shalt make them to be set in ouches of gold.
Exodus 28:21	And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes.
Exodus 28:31	And thou shalt make the robe of the ephod all of blue.
Exodus 28:41	And thou shalt put them upon Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him; and shalt anoint them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 29:8	And thou shalt bring his sons, and put coats upon them.
Exodus 29:18	And thou shalt burn the whole ram upon the altar: it is a burnt offering unto the LORD: it is a sweet savor, an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Exodus 29:28	And it shall be Aaron's and his sons' by a statute for ever from the children of Israel: for it is an heave offering: and it shall be an heave offering from the children of Israel of the sacrifice of their peace offerings, even their heave offering unto the LORD.
Exodus 29:38	Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar; two lambs of the first year day by day continually.
Exodus 30:2	A cubit shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be: and two cubits shall be the height thereof: the horns thereof shall be of the same.
Exodus 30:12	When thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after their number, then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul unto the LORD, when thou numberest them; that there be no plague among them, when thou numberest them.
Exodus 30:22	Moreover the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 30:32	Upon man's flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you.
Exodus 31:4	To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,
Exodus 31:14	Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy unto you: every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death: for whosoever doeth any work therein, that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Exodus 32:6	And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play.
Exodus 32:16	And the tables were the work of God, and the writing was the writing of God, graven upon the tables.
Exodus 32:26	Then Moses stood in the gate of the camp, and said, Who is on the LORD's side? let him come unto me. And all the sons of Levi gathered themselves together unto him.
Exodus 33:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it:
Exodus 33:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle.
Exodus 33:21	And the LORD said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock:
Exodus 34:8	And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped.
Exodus 34:18	The feast of unleavened bread shalt thou keep. Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, as I commanded thee, in the time of the month Abib: for in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt.
Exodus 34:28	And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the ten commandments.
Exodus 35:3	Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations upon the sabbath day.
Exodus 35:13	The table, and his staves, and all his vessels, and the showbread,
Exodus 35:23	And every man, with whom was found blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers' skins, brought them.
Exodus 35:33	And in the cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of wood, to make any manner of cunning work.
Exodus 36:8	And every wise hearted man among them that wrought the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work made he them.
Exodus 36:18	And he made fifty taches of brass to couple the tent together, that it might be one.
Exodus 36:28	And two boards made he for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.
Exodus 36:38	And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their chapiters and their fillets with gold: but their five sockets were of brass.
Exodus 37:10	And he made the table of shittim wood: two cubits was the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof:
Exodus 37:20	And in the candlestick were four bowls made like almonds, his knops, and his flowers:
Exodus 38:1	And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood: five cubits was the length thereof, and five cubits the breadth thereof; it was foursquare; and three cubits the height thereof.
Exodus 38:11	And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits, their pillars were twenty, and their sockets of brass twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Exodus 38:21	This is the sum of the tabernacle, even of the tabernacle of testimony, as it was counted, according to the commandment of Moses, for the service of the Levites, by the hand of Ithamar, son to Aaron the priest.
Exodus 38:31	And the sockets of the court round about, and the sockets of the court gate, and all the pins of the tabernacle, and all the pins of the court round about.
Exodus 39:10	And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row.
Exodus 39:20	And they made two other golden rings, and put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart of it, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.
Exodus 39:30	And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and wrote upon it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
Exodus 39:40	The hangings of the court, his pillars, and his sockets, and the hanging for the court gate, his cords, and his pins, and all the vessels of the service of the tabernacle, for the tent of the congregation,
Exodus 40:7	And thou shalt set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar, and shalt put water therein.
Exodus 40:17	And it came to pass in the first month in the second year, on the first day of the month, that the tabernacle was reared up.
Exodus 40:27	And he burnt sweet incense thereon; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 40:37	But if the cloud were not taken up, then they journeyed not till the day that it was taken up.
Leviticus 1:9	But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water: and the priest shall burn all on the altar, to be a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 2:2	And he shall bring it to Aaron's sons the priests: and he shall take thereout his handful of the flour thereof, and of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof; and the priest shall burn the memorial of it upon the altar, to be an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD:
Leviticus 2:12	As for the oblation of the firstfruits, ye shall offer them unto the LORD: but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a sweet savor.
Leviticus 3:6	And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the LORD be of the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without blemish.
Leviticus 3:16	And the priest shall burn them upon the altar: it is the food of the offering made by fire for a sweet savor: all the fat is the LORD's.
Leviticus 4:9	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away,
Leviticus 4:19	And he shall take all his fat from him, and burn it upon the altar.
Leviticus 4:29	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering, and slay the sin offering in the place of the burnt offering.
Leviticus 5:4	Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips to do evil, or to do good, whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these.
Leviticus 5:14	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:5	Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely; he shall even restore it in the principal, and shall add the fifth part more thereto, and give it unto him to whom it appertaineth, in the day of his trespass offering.
Leviticus 6:15	And he shall take of it his handful, of the flour of the meat offering, and of the oil thereof, and all the frankincense which is upon the meat offering, and shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savor, even the memorial of it, unto the LORD.
Leviticus 6:25	Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, saying, This is the law of the sin offering: In the place where the burnt offering is killed shall the sin offering be killed before the LORD: it is most holy.
Leviticus 7:5	And the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering.
Leviticus 7:15	And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any of it until the morning.
Leviticus 7:25	For whosoever eateth the fat of the beast, of which men offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD, even the soul that eateth it shall be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 7:35	This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron, and of the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD in the priest's office;
Leviticus 8:7	And he put upon him the coat, and girded him with the girdle, and clothed him with the robe, and put the ephod upon him, and he girded him with the curious girdle of the ephod, and bound it unto him therewith.
Leviticus 8:17	But the bullock, and his hide, his flesh, and his dung, he burnt with fire without the camp; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 8:27	And he put all upon Aaron's hands, and upon his sons' hands, and waved them for a wave offering before the LORD.
Leviticus 9:1	And it came to pass on the eighth day, that Moses called Aaron and his sons, and the elders of Israel;
Leviticus 9:11	And the flesh and the hide he burnt with fire without the camp.
Leviticus 9:21	And the breasts and the right shoulder Aaron waved for a wave offering before the LORD; as Moses commanded.
Leviticus 10:7	And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you. And they did according to the word of Moses.
Leviticus 10:17	Wherefore have ye not eaten the sin offering in the holy place, seeing it is most holy, and God hath given it you to bear the iniquity of the congregation, to make atonement for them before the LORD?
Leviticus 11:7	And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be cloven-footed, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.
Leviticus 11:17	And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl,
Leviticus 11:27	And whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their carcass shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 11:37	And if any part of their carcass fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown, it shall be clean.
Leviticus 11:47	To make a difference between the unclean and the clean, and between the beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten.
Leviticus 13:2	When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy; then he shall be brought unto Aaron the priest, or unto one of his sons the priests:
Leviticus 13:12	And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin, and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that hath the plague from his head even to his foot, wheresoever the priest looketh;
Leviticus 13:22	And if it spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague.
Leviticus 13:32	And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the plague: and, behold, if the scall spread not, and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin;
Leviticus 13:42	And if there be in the bald head, or bald forehead, a white reddish sore; it is a leprosy sprung up in his bald head, or his bald forehead.
Leviticus 13:52	He shall therefore burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woolen or in linen, or any thing of skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in the fire.
Leviticus 14:3	And the priest shall go forth out of the camp; and the priest shall look, and, behold, if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper;
Leviticus 14:13	And he shall slay the lamb in the place where he shall kill the sin offering and the burnt offering, in the holy place: for as the sin offering is the priest's, so is the trespass offering: it is most holy:
Leviticus 14:23	And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing unto the priest, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:33	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 14:43	And if the plague come again, and break out in the house, after that he hath taken away the stones, and after he hath scraped the house, and after it is plastered;
Leviticus 14:53	But he shall let go the living bird out of the city into the open fields, and make an atonement for the house: and it shall be clean.
Leviticus 15:6	And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:16	And if any man's seed of copulation go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:26	Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation: and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her separation.
Leviticus 16:3	Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 16:13	And he shall put the incense upon the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony, that he die not:
Leviticus 16:23	And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he put on when he went into the holy place, and shall leave them there:
Leviticus 16:33	And he shall make an atonement for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of the congregation, and for the altar, and he shall make an atonement for the priests, and for all the people of the congregation.
Leviticus 17:9	And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer it unto the LORD; even that man shall be cut off from among his people.
Leviticus 18:3	After the doings of the land of Egypt, wherein ye dwelt, shall ye not do: and after the doings of the land of Canaan, whither I bring you, shall ye not do: neither shall ye walk in their ordinances.
Leviticus 18:13	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister: for she is thy mother's near kinswoman.
Leviticus 18:23	Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion.
Leviticus 19:3	Ye shall fear every man his mother, and his father, and keep my sabbaths: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:13	Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbor, neither rob him: the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning.
Leviticus 19:23	And when ye shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then ye shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised: three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you: it shall not be eaten of.
Leviticus 19:33	And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land, ye shall not vex him.
Leviticus 20:6	And the soul that turneth after such as have familiar spirits, and after wizards, to go a whoring after them, I will even set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people.
Leviticus 20:16	And if a woman approach unto any beast, and lie down thereto, thou shalt kill the woman, and the beast: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 20:26	And ye shall be holy unto me: for I the LORD am holy, and have severed you from other people, that ye should be mine.
Leviticus 21:9	And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire.
Leviticus 21:19	Or a man that is broken-footed, or broken-handed,
Leviticus 22:5	Or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing, whereby he may be made unclean, or a man of whom he may take uncleanness, whatsoever uncleanness he hath;
Leviticus 22:15	And they shall not profane the holy things of the children of Israel, which they offer unto the LORD;
Leviticus 22:25	Neither from a stranger's hand shall ye offer the bread of your God of any of these; because their corruption is in them, and blemishes be in them: they shall not be accepted for you.
Leviticus 23:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, Concerning the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts.
Leviticus 23:12	And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:22	And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest, neither shalt thou gather any gleaning of thy harvest: thou shalt leave them unto the poor, and to the stranger: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 23:32	It shall be unto you a sabbath of rest, and ye shall afflict your souls: in the ninth day of the month at even, from even unto even, shall ye celebrate your sabbath.
Leviticus 23:42	Ye shall dwell in booths seven days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths:
Leviticus 24:8	Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually, being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant.
Leviticus 24:18	And he that killeth a beast shall make it good; beast for beast.
Leviticus 25:5	That which groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap, neither gather the grapes of thy vine undressed: for it is a year of rest unto the land.
Leviticus 25:15	According to the number of years after the jubilee thou shalt buy of thy neighbor, and according unto the number of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee:
Leviticus 25:25	If thy brother be waxen poor, and hath sold away some of his possession, and if any of his kin come to redeem it, then shall he redeem that which his brother sold.
Leviticus 25:35	And if thy brother be waxen poor, and fallen in decay with thee; then thou shalt relieve him: yea, though he be a stranger, or a sojourner; that he may live with thee.
Leviticus 25:45	Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you, of them shall ye buy, and of their families that are with you, which they begat in your land: and they shall be your possession.
Leviticus 25:55	For unto me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 26:10	And ye shall eat old store, and bring forth the old because of the new.
Leviticus 26:20	And your strength shall be spent in vain: for your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits.
Leviticus 26:30	And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your images, and cast your carcasses upon the carcasses of your idols, and my soul shall abhor you.
Leviticus 26:40	If they shall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me;
Leviticus 27:4	And if it be a female, then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels.
Leviticus 27:14	And when a man shall sanctify his house to be holy unto the LORD, then the priest shall estimate it, whether it be good or bad: as the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand.
Leviticus 27:24	In the year of the jubilee the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong.
Leviticus 27:34	These are the commandments, which the LORD commanded Moses for the children of Israel in mount Sinai.
Numbers 1:10	Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Numbers 1:20	And the children of Reuben, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:30	Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:40	Of the children of Asher, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:50	But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony, and over all the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the tabernacle, and all the vessels thereof; and they shall minister unto it, and shall encamp round about the tabernacle.
Numbers 2:6	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 2:16	All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank.
Numbers 2:26	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred.
Numbers 3:2	And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Numbers 3:12	And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix among the children of Israel: therefore the Levites shall be mine;
Numbers 3:22	Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 3:32	And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary.
Numbers 3:42	And Moses numbered, as the LORD commanded him, all the firstborn among the children of Israel.
Numbers 4:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Numbers 4:11	And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put to the staves thereof:
Numbers 4:21	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 4:31	And this is the charge of their burden, according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets thereof,
Numbers 4:41	These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon, of all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD.
Numbers 5:2	Command the children of Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:
Numbers 5:12	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him,
Numbers 5:22	And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.
Numbers 6:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 6:11	And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, and make an atonement for him, for that he sinned by the dead, and shall hallow his head that same day.
Numbers 6:21	This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed, and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation.
Numbers 7:4	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 7:14	One spoon of ten shekels of gold, full of incense:
Numbers 7:24	On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, prince of the children of Zebulun, did offer:
Numbers 7:34	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:44	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:54	On the eighth day offered Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur, prince of the children of Manasseh:
Numbers 7:64	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:74	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:84	This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Israel: twelve chargers of silver, twelve silver bowls, twelve spoons of gold:
Numbers 8:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 8:15	And after that shall the Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt cleanse them, and offer them for an offering.
Numbers 8:25	And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more:
Numbers 9:9	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 9:19	And when the cloud tarried long upon the tabernacle many days, then the children of Israel kept the charge of the LORD, and journeyed not.
Numbers 10:6	When ye blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys.
Numbers 10:16	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon.
Numbers 10:26	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Numbers 10:36	And when it rested, he said, Return, O LORD, unto the many thousands of Israel.
Numbers 11:10	Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent: and the anger of the LORD was kindled greatly; Moses also was displeased.
Numbers 11:20	But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?
Numbers 11:30	And Moses gat him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel.
Numbers 12:5	And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Miriam: and they both came forth.
Numbers 12:15	And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and the people journeyed not till Miriam was brought in again.
Numbers 13:9	Of the tribe of Benjamin, Palti the son of Raphu.
Numbers 13:19	And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;
Numbers 13:29	The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south: and the Hittites, and the Jebusites, and the Amorites, dwell in the mountains: and the Canaanites dwell by the sea, and by the coast of Jordan.
Numbers 14:6	And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of them that searched the land, rent their clothes:
Numbers 14:16	Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness.
Numbers 14:26	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Numbers 14:36	And the men, which Moses sent to search the land, who returned, and made all the congregation to murmur against him, by bringing up a slander upon the land,
Numbers 15:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 15:11	Thus shall it be done for one bullock, or for one ram, or for a lamb, or a kid.
Numbers 15:21	Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations.
Numbers 15:31	Because he hath despised the word of the LORD, and hath broken his commandment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall be upon him.
Numbers 15:41	I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD your God.
Numbers 16:10	And he hath brought thee near to him, and all thy brethren the sons of Levi with thee: and seek ye the priesthood also?
Numbers 16:20	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Numbers 16:30	But if the LORD make a new thing, and the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, with all that appertain unto them, and they go down quick into the pit; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD.
Numbers 16:40	To be a memorial unto the children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the LORD; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 16:50	And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the plague was stayed.
Numbers 17:10	And the LORD said unto Moses, Bring Aaron's rod again before the testimony, to be kept for a token against the rebels; and thou shalt quite take away their murmurings from me, that they die not.
Numbers 18:7	Therefore thou and thy sons with thee shall keep your priest's office for everything of the altar, and within the vail; and ye shall serve: I have given your priest's office unto you as a service of gift: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.
Numbers 18:17	But the firstling of a cow, or the firstling of a sheep, or the firstling of a goat, thou shalt not redeem; they are holy: thou shalt sprinkle their blood upon the altar, and shalt burn their fat for an offering made by fire, for a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Numbers 18:27	And this your heave offering shall be reckoned unto you, as though it were the corn of the threshingfloor, and as the fulness of the winepress.
Numbers 19:5	And one shall burn the heifer in his sight; her skin, and her flesh, and her blood, with her dung, shall he burn:
Numbers 19:15	And every open vessel, which hath no covering bound upon it, is unclean.
Numbers 20:3	And the people chode with Moses, and spake, saying, Would God that we had died when our brethren died before the LORD!
Numbers 20:13	This is the water of Meribah; because the children of Israel strove with the LORD, and he was sanctified in them.
Numbers 20:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in mount Hor, by the coast of the land of Edom, saying,
Numbers 21:4	And they journeyed from mount Hor by the way of the Red sea, to compass the land of Edom: and the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way.
Numbers 21:14	Wherefore it is said in the book of the wars of the LORD, What he did in the Red sea, and in the brooks of Arnon,
Numbers 21:24	And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword, and possessed his land from Arnon unto Jabbok, even unto the children of Ammon: for the border of the children of Ammon was strong.
Numbers 21:34	And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon.
Numbers 22:9	And God came unto Balaam, and said, What men are these with thee?
Numbers 22:19	Now therefore, I pray you, tarry ye also here this night, that I may know what the LORD will say unto me more.
Numbers 22:29	And Balaam said unto the ass, Because thou hast mocked me: I would there were a sword in mine hand, for now would I kill thee.
Numbers 22:39	And Balaam went with Balak, and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth.
Numbers 23:8	How shall I curse, whom God hath not cursed? or how shall I defy, whom the LORD hath not defied?
Numbers 23:18	And he took up his parable, and said, Rise up, Balak, and hear; hearken unto me, thou son of Zippor:
Numbers 23:28	And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor, that looketh toward Jeshimon.
Numbers 24:8	God brought him forth out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bones, and pierce them through with his arrows.
Numbers 24:18	And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly.
Numbers 25:3	And Israel joined himself unto Baalpeor: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel.
Numbers 25:13	And he shall have it, and his seed after him, even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood; because he was zealous for his God, and made an atonement for the children of Israel.
Numbers 26:5	Reuben, the eldest son of Israel: the children of Reuben; Hanoch, of whom cometh the family of the Hanochites: of Pallu, the family of the Palluites:
Numbers 26:15	The children of Gad after their families: of Zephon, the family of the Zephonites: of Haggi, the family of the Haggites: of Shuni, the family of the Shunites:
Numbers 26:25	These are the families of Issachar according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and four thousand and three hundred.
Numbers 26:35	These are the sons of Ephraim after their families: of Shuthelah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of Becher, the family of the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites.
Numbers 26:45	Of the sons of Beriah: of Heber, the family of the Heberites: of Malchiel, the family of the Malchielites.
Numbers 26:55	Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit.
Numbers 26:65	For the LORD had said of them, They shall surely die in the wilderness. And there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
Numbers 27:10	And if he have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren.
Numbers 27:20	And thou shalt put some of thine honor upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient.
Numbers 28:7	And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb: in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering.
Numbers 28:17	And in the fifteenth day of this month is the feast: seven days shall unleavened bread be eaten.
Numbers 28:27	But ye shall offer the burnt offering for a sweet savor unto the LORD; two young bullocks, one ram, seven lambs of the first year;
Numbers 29:6	Beside the burnt offering of the month, and his meat offering, and the daily burnt offering, and his meat offering, and their drink offerings, according unto their manner, for a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD.
Numbers 29:16	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 29:26	And on the fifth day nine bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:
Numbers 29:36	But ye shall offer a burnt offering, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD: one bullock, one ram, seven lambs of the first year without blemish:
Numbers 30:6	And if she had at all an husband, when she vowed, or uttered ought out of her lips, wherewith she bound her soul;
Numbers 30:16	These are the statutes, which the LORD commanded Moses, between a man and his wife, between the father and his daughter, being yet in her youth in her father's house.
Numbers 31:10	And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire.
Numbers 31:20	And purify all your raiment, and all that is made of skins, and all work of goats' hair, and all things made of wood.
Numbers 31:30	And of the children of Israel's half, thou shalt take one portion of fifty, of the persons, of the beeves, of the asses, and of the flocks, of all manner of beasts, and give them unto the Levites, which keep the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD.
Numbers 31:40	And the persons were sixteen thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was thirty and two persons.
Numbers 31:50	We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD, what every man hath gotten, of jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, rings, earrings, and tablets, to make an atonement for our souls before the LORD.
Numbers 32:6	And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben, Shall your brethren go to war, and shall ye sit here?
Numbers 32:16	And they came near unto him, and said, We will build sheepfolds here for our cattle, and cities for our little ones:
Numbers 32:26	Our little ones, our wives, our flocks, and all our cattle, shall be there in the cities of Gilead:
Numbers 32:36	And Bethnimrah, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds for sheep.
Numbers 33:4	For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn, which the LORD had smitten among them: upon their gods also the LORD executed judgments.
Numbers 33:14	And they removed from Alush, and encamped at Rephidim, where was no water for the people to drink.
Numbers 33:24	And they removed from mount Shapher, and encamped in Haradah.
Numbers 33:34	And they removed from Jotbathah, and encamped at Ebronah.
Numbers 33:44	And they departed from Oboth, and pitched in Ijeabarim, in the border of Moab.
Numbers 33:54	And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance, and to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance: every man's inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth; according to the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit.
Numbers 34:8	From mount Hor ye shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamath; and the goings forth of the border shall be to Zedad:
Numbers 34:18	And ye shall take one prince of every tribe, to divide the land by inheritance.
Numbers 34:28	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali, Pedahel the son of Ammihud.
Numbers 35:9	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 35:19	The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer: when he meeteth him, he shall slay him.
Numbers 35:29	So these things shall be for a statute of judgment unto you throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
Numbers 36:5	And Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of the LORD, saying, The tribe of the sons of Joseph hath said well.
Deuteronomy 1:2	(There are eleven days' journey from Horeb by the way of mount Seir unto Kadeshbarnea.)
Deuteronomy 1:12	How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your burden, and your strife?
Deuteronomy 1:22	And ye came near unto me every one of you, and said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come.
Deuteronomy 1:32	Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God,
Deuteronomy 1:42	And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest ye be smitten before your enemies.
Deuteronomy 2:6	Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye may drink.
Deuteronomy 2:16	So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people,
Deuteronomy 2:26	And I sent messengers out of the wilderness of Kedemoth unto Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace, saying,
Deuteronomy 2:36	From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us:
Deuteronomy 3:9	(Which Hermon the Sidonians call Sirion; and the Amorites call it Shenir;)
Deuteronomy 3:19	But your wives, and your little ones, and your cattle, (for I know that ye have much cattle,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you;
Deuteronomy 3:29	So we abode in the valley over against Bethpeor.
Deuteronomy 4:10	Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy God in Horeb, when the LORD said unto me, Gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words, that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth, and that they may teach their children.
Deuteronomy 4:20	But the LORD hath taken you, and brought you forth out of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt, to be unto him a people of inheritance, as ye are this day.
Deuteronomy 4:30	When thou art in tribulation, and all these things are come upon thee, even in the latter days, if thou turn to the LORD thy God, and shalt be obedient unto his voice;
Deuteronomy 4:40	Thou shalt keep therefore his statutes, and his commandments, which I command thee this day, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days upon the earth, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, for ever.
Deuteronomy 5:1	And Moses called all Israel, and said unto them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do them.
Deuteronomy 5:11	Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain: for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.
Deuteronomy 5:21	Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbor's wife, neither shalt thou covet thy neighbor's house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his ass, or any thing that is thy neighbor's.
Deuteronomy 5:31	But as for thee, stand thou here by me, and I will speak unto thee all the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which thou shalt teach them, that they may do them in the land which I give them to possess it.
Deuteronomy 6:8	And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes.
Deuteronomy 6:18	And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD: that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers.
Deuteronomy 7:3	Neither shalt thou make marriages with them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son.
Deuteronomy 7:13	And he will love thee, and bless thee, and multiply thee: he will also bless the fruit of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee.
Deuteronomy 7:23	But the LORD thy God shall deliver them unto thee, and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction, until they be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 8:7	For the LORD thy God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills;
Deuteronomy 8:17	And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth.
Deuteronomy 9:7	Remember, and forget not, how thou provokedst the LORD thy God to wrath in the wilderness: from the day that thou didst depart out of the land of Egypt, until ye came unto this place, ye have been rebellious against the LORD.
Deuteronomy 9:17	And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and brake them before your eyes.
Deuteronomy 9:27	Remember thy servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; look not unto the stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin:
Deuteronomy 10:8	At that time the LORD separated the tribe of Levi, to bear the ark of the covenant of the LORD, to stand before the LORD to minister unto him, and to bless in his name, unto this day.
Deuteronomy 10:18	He doth execute the judgment of the fatherless and widow, and loveth the stranger, in giving him food and raiment.
Deuteronomy 11:6	And what he did unto Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the son of Reuben: how the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their households, and their tents, and all the substance that was in their possession, in the midst of all Israel:
Deuteronomy 11:16	Take heed to yourselves, that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them;
Deuteronomy 11:26	Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse;
Deuteronomy 12:4	Ye shall not do so unto the LORD your God.
Deuteronomy 12:14	But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee.
Deuteronomy 12:24	Thou shalt not eat it; thou shalt pour it upon the earth as water.
Deuteronomy 13:2	And the sign or the wonder come to pass, whereof he spake unto thee, saying, Let us go after other gods, which thou hast not known, and let us serve them;
Deuteronomy 13:12	If thou shalt hear say in one of thy cities, which the LORD thy God hath given thee to dwell there, saying,
Deuteronomy 14:4	These are the beasts which ye shall eat: the ox, the sheep, and the goat,
Deuteronomy 14:14	And every raven after his kind,
Deuteronomy 14:24	And if the way be too long for thee, so that thou art not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from thee, which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there, when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:
Deuteronomy 15:5	Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day.
Deuteronomy 15:15	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee: therefore I command thee this thing to day.
Deuteronomy 16:2	Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the passover unto the LORD thy God, of the flock and the herd, in the place which the LORD shall choose to place his name there.
Deuteronomy 16:12	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt: and thou shalt observe and do these statutes.
Deuteronomy 16:22	Neither shalt thou set thee up any image; which the LORD thy God hateth.
Deuteronomy 17:10	And thou shalt do according to the sentence, which they of that place which the LORD shall choose shall show thee; and thou shalt observe to do according to all that they inform thee:
Deuteronomy 17:20	That his heart be not lifted up above his brethren, and that he turn not aside from the commandment, to the right hand, or to the left: to the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom, he, and his children, in the midst of Israel.
Deuteronomy 18:10	There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch.
Deuteronomy 18:20	But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or that shall speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die.
Deuteronomy 19:8	And if the LORD thy God enlarge thy coast, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto thy fathers;
Deuteronomy 19:18	And the judges shall make diligent inquisition: and, behold, if the witness be a false witness, and hath testified falsely against his brother;
Deuteronomy 20:7	And what man is there that hath betrothed a wife, and hath not taken her? let him go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man take her.
Deuteronomy 20:17	But thou shalt utterly destroy them; namely, the Hittites, and the Amorites, the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee:
Deuteronomy 21:7	And they shall answer and say, Our hands have not shed this blood, neither have our eyes seen it.
Deuteronomy 21:17	But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn, by giving him a double portion of all that he hath: for he is the beginning of his strength; the right of the firstborn is his.
Deuteronomy 22:4	Thou shalt not see thy brother's ass or his ox fall down by the way, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt surely help him to lift them up again.
Deuteronomy 22:14	And give occasions of speech against her, and bring up an evil name upon her, and say, I took this woman, and when I came to her, I found her not a maid:
Deuteronomy 22:24	Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbor's wife: so thou shalt put away evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 23:4	Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way, when ye came forth out of Egypt; and because they hired against thee Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia, to curse thee.
Deuteronomy 23:14	For the LORD thy God walketh in the midst of thy camp, to deliver thee, and to give up thine enemies before thee; therefore shall thy camp be holy: that he see no unclean thing in thee, and turn away from thee.
Deuteronomy 23:24	When thou comest into thy neighbor's vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel.
Deuteronomy 24:9	Remember what the LORD thy God did unto Miriam by the way, after that ye were come forth out of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 24:19	When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field, and hast forgot a sheaf in the field, thou shalt not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow: that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands.
Deuteronomy 25:7	And if the man like not to take his brother's wife, then let his brother's wife go up to the gate unto the elders, and say, My husband's brother refuseth to raise up unto his brother a name in Israel, he will not perform the duty of my husband's brother.
Deuteronomy 25:17	Remember what Amalek did unto thee by the way, when ye were come forth out of Egypt;
Deuteronomy 26:8	And the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm, and with great terribleness, and with signs, and with wonders:
Deuteronomy 26:18	And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be his peculiar people, as he hath promised thee, and that thou shouldest keep all his commandments;
Deuteronomy 27:9	And Moses and the priests the Levites spake unto all Israel, saying, Take heed, and hearken, O Israel; this day thou art become the people of the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 27:19	Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of the stranger, fatherless, and widow. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:3	Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field.
Deuteronomy 28:13	And the LORD shall make thee the head, and not the tail; and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath; if that thou hearken unto the commandments of the LORD thy God, which I command thee this day, to observe and to do them:
Deuteronomy 28:23	And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron.
Deuteronomy 28:33	The fruit of thy land, and all thy labors, shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway:
Deuteronomy 28:43	The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low.
Deuteronomy 28:53	And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters, which the LORD thy God hath given thee, in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee:
Deuteronomy 28:63	And it shall come to pass, that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to nought; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it.
Deuteronomy 29:5	And I have led you forty years in the wilderness: your clothes are not waxen old upon you, and thy shoe is not waxen old upon thy foot.
Deuteronomy 29:15	But with him that standeth here with us this day before the LORD our God, and also with him that is not here with us this day:
Deuteronomy 29:25	Then men shall say, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt:
Deuteronomy 30:6	And the LORD thy God will circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live.
Deuteronomy 30:16	In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments, that thou mayest live and multiply: and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in the land whither thou goest to possess it.
Deuteronomy 31:6	Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
Deuteronomy 31:16	And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers; and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of the strangers of the land, whither they go to be among them, and will forsake me, and break my covenant which I have made with them.
Deuteronomy 31:26	Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, that it may be there for a witness against thee.
Deuteronomy 32:6	Do ye thus requite the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, and established thee?
Deuteronomy 32:16	They provoked him to jealousy with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him to anger.
Deuteronomy 32:26	I said, I would scatter them into corners, I would make the remembrance of them to cease from among men:
Deuteronomy 32:36	For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he seeth that their power is gone, and there is none shut up, or left.
Deuteronomy 32:46	And he said unto them, Set your hearts unto all the words which I testify among you this day, which ye shall command your children to observe to do, all the words of this law.
Deuteronomy 33:4	Moses commanded us a law, even the inheritance of the congregation of Jacob.
Deuteronomy 33:14	And for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun, and for the precious things put forth by the moon,
Deuteronomy 33:24	And of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed with children; let him be acceptable to his brethren, and let him dip his foot in oil.
Deuteronomy 34:5	So Moses the servant of the LORD died there in the land of Moab, according to the word of the LORD.
Joshua 1:3	Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses.
Joshua 1:13	Remember the word which Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, saying, The LORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land.
Joshua 2:5	And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out: whither the men went I wot not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them.
Joshua 2:15	Then she let them down by a cord through the window: for her house was upon the town wall, and she dwelt upon the wall.
Joshua 3:1	And Joshua rose early in the morning; and they removed from Shittim, and came to Jordan, he and all the children of Israel, and lodged there before they passed over.
Joshua 3:11	Behold, the ark of the covenant of the LORD of all the earth passeth over before you into Jordan.
Joshua 4:4	Then Joshua called the twelve men, whom he had prepared of the children of Israel, out of every tribe a man:
Joshua 4:14	On that day the LORD magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and they feared him, as they feared Moses, all the days of his life.
Joshua 4:24	That all the people of the earth might know the hand of the LORD, that it is mighty: that ye might fear the LORD your God for ever.
Joshua 5:10	And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho.
Joshua 6:5	And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the ram's horn, and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him.
Joshua 6:15	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they rose early about the dawning of the day, and compassed the city after the same manner seven times: only on that day they compassed the city seven times.
Joshua 6:25	And Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive, and her father's household, and all that she had; and she dwelleth in Israel even unto this day; because she hid the messengers, which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho.
Joshua 7:8	O LORD, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs before their enemies!
Joshua 7:18	And he brought his household man by man; and Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, was taken.
Joshua 8:2	And thou shalt do to Ai and her king as thou didst unto Jericho and her king: only the spoil thereof, and the cattle thereof, shall ye take for a prey unto yourselves: lay thee an ambush for the city behind it.
Joshua 8:12	And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city.
Joshua 8:22	And the other issued out of the city against them; so they were in the midst of Israel, some on this side, and some on that side: and they smote them, so that they let none of them remain or escape.
Joshua 8:32	And he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of Moses, which he wrote in the presence of the children of Israel.
Joshua 9:7	And the men of Israel said unto the Hivites, Peradventure ye dwell among us; and how shall we make a league with you?
Joshua 9:17	And the children of Israel journeyed, and came unto their cities on the third day. Now their cities were Gibeon, and Chephirah, and Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim.
Joshua 9:27	And Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the congregation, and for the altar of the LORD, even unto this day, in the place which he should choose.
Joshua 10:10	And the LORD discomfited them before Israel, and slew them with a great slaughter at Gibeon, and chased them along the way that goeth up to Bethhoron, and smote them to Azekah, and unto Makkedah.
Joshua 10:20	And it came to pass, when Joshua and the children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter, till they were consumed, that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities.
Joshua 10:30	And the LORD delivered it also, and the king thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho.
Joshua 10:40	So Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded.
Joshua 11:7	So Joshua came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of Merom suddenly; and they fell upon them.
Joshua 11:17	Even from the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir, even unto Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon under mount Hermon: and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.
Joshua 12:4	And the coast of Og king of Bashan, which was of the remnant of the giants, that dwelt at Ashtaroth and at Edrei,
Joshua 12:14	The king of Hormah, one; the king of Arad, one;
Joshua 12:24	The king of Tirzah, one: all the kings thirty and one.
Joshua 13:10	And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, unto the border of the children of Ammon;
Joshua 13:20	And Bethpeor, and Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth,
Joshua 13:30	And their coast was from Mahanaim, all Bashan, all the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan, threescore cities:
Joshua 14:7	Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land; and I brought him word again as it was in mine heart.
Joshua 15:2	And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea, from the bay that looketh southward:
Joshua 15:12	And the west border was to the great sea, and the coast thereof. This is the coast of the children of Judah round about according to their families.
Joshua 15:22	And Kinah, and Dimonah, and Adadah,
Joshua 15:32	And Lebaoth, and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon: all the cities are twenty and nine, with their villages:
Joshua 15:42	Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan,
Joshua 15:52	Arab, and Dumah, and Eshean,
Joshua 15:62	And Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and Engedi; six cities with their villages.
Joshua 16:9	And the separate cities for the children of Ephraim were among the inheritance of the children of Manasseh, all the cities with their villages.
Joshua 17:9	And the coast descended unto the river Kanah, southward of the river: these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh: the coast of Manasseh also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of it were at the sea:
Joshua 18:1	And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh, and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them.
Joshua 18:11	And the lot of the tribe of the children of Benjamin came up according to their families: and the coast of their lot came forth between the children of Judah and the children of Joseph.
Joshua 18:21	Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho, and Bethhoglah, and the valley of Keziz,
Joshua 19:3	And Hazarshual, and Balah, and Azem,
Joshua 19:13	And from thence passeth on along on the east to Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to Neah;
Joshua 19:23	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Issachar according to their families, the cities and their villages.
Joshua 19:33	And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan:
Joshua 19:43	And Elon, and Thimnathah, and Ekron,
Joshua 20:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, Appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses:
Joshua 21:3	And the children of Israel gave unto the Levites out of their inheritance, at the commandment of the LORD, these cities and their suburbs.
Joshua 21:13	Thus they gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Libnah with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:23	And out of the tribe of Dan, Eltekeh with her suburbs, Gibbethon with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:33	All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Joshua 21:43	And the LORD gave unto Israel all the land which he sware to give unto their fathers; and they possessed it, and dwelt therein.
Joshua 22:8	And he spake unto them, saying, Return with much riches unto your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and with brass, and with iron, and with very much raiment: divide the spoil of your enemies with your brethren.
Joshua 22:18	But that ye must turn away this day from following the LORD? and it will be, seeing ye rebel to day against the LORD, that to morrow he will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel.
Joshua 22:28	Therefore said we, that it shall be, when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come, that we may say again, Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD, which our fathers made, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices; but it is a witness between us and you.
Joshua 23:4	Behold, I have divided unto you by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even unto the great sea westward.
Joshua 23:14	And, behold, this day I am going the way of all the earth: and ye know in all your hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing hath failed of all the good things which the LORD your God spake concerning you; all are come to pass unto you, and not one thing hath failed thereof.
Joshua 24:8	And I brought you into the land of the Amorites, which dwelt on the other side Jordan; and they fought with you: and I gave them into your hand, that ye might possess their land; and I destroyed them from before you.
Joshua 24:18	And the LORD drave out from before us all the people, even the Amorites which dwelt in the land: therefore will we also serve the LORD; for he is our God.
Joshua 24:28	So Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance.
Judges 1:5	And they found Adonibezek in Bezek: and they fought against him, and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
Judges 1:15	And she said unto him, Give me a blessing: for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the nether springs.
Judges 1:25	And when he showed them the entrance into the city, they smote the city with the edge of the sword; but they let go the man and all his family.
Judges 1:35	But the Amorites would dwell in mount Heres in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed, so that they became tributaries.
Judges 2:9	And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathheres, in the mount of Ephraim, on the north side of the hill Gaash.
Judges 2:19	And it came to pass, when the judge was dead, that they returned, and corrupted themselves more than their fathers, in following other gods to serve them, and to bow down unto them; they ceased not from their own doings, nor from their stubborn way.
Judges 3:6	And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.
Judges 3:16	But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit length; and he did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh.
Judges 3:26	And Ehud escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the quarries, and escaped unto Seirath.
Judges 4:5	And she dwelt under the palm tree of Deborah between Ramah and Bethel in mount Ephraim: and the children of Israel came up to her for judgment.
Judges 4:15	And the LORD discomfited Sisera, and all his chariots, and all his host, with the edge of the sword before Barak; so that Sisera lighted down off his chariot, and fled away on his feet.
Judges 5:1	Then sang Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam on that day, saying,
Judges 5:11	They that are delivered from the noise of archers in the places of drawing water, there shall they rehearse the righteous acts of the LORD, even the righteous acts toward the inhabitants of his villages in Israel: then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates.
Judges 5:21	The river of Kishon swept them away, that ancient river, the river Kishon. O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength.
Judges 5:31	So let all thine enemies perish, O LORD: but let them that love him be as the sun when he goeth forth in his might. And the land had rest forty years.
Judges 6:10	And I said unto you, I am the LORD your God; fear not the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but ye have not obeyed my voice.
Judges 6:20	And the angel of God said unto him, Take the flesh and the unleavened cakes, and lay them upon this rock, and pour out the broth. And he did so.
Judges 6:30	Then the men of the city said unto Joash, Bring out thy son, that he may die: because he hath cast down the altar of Baal, and because he hath cut down the grove that was by it.
Judges 6:40	And God did so that night: for it was dry upon the fleece only, and there was dew on all the ground.
Judges 7:10	But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the host:
Judges 7:20	And the three companies blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers, and held the lamps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their right hands to blow withal: and they cried, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon.
Judges 8:5	And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian.
Judges 8:15	And he came unto the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah and Zalmunna, with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary?
Judges 8:25	And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and did cast therein every man the earrings of his prey.
Judges 8:35	Neither showed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal, namely, Gideon, according to all the goodness which he had showed unto Israel.
Judges 9:10	And the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou, and reign over us.
Judges 9:20	But if not, let fire come out from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour Abimelech.
Judges 9:30	And when Zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed, his anger was kindled.
Judges 9:40	And Abimelech chased him, and he fled before him, and many were overthrown and wounded, even unto the entering of the gate.
Judges 9:50	Then went Abimelech to Thebez, and encamped against Thebez, and took it.
Judges 10:3	And after him arose Jair, a Gileadite, and judged Israel twenty and two years.
Judges 10:13	Yet ye have forsaken me, and served other gods: wherefore I will deliver you no more.
Judges 11:5	And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob:
Judges 11:15	And said unto him, Thus saith Jephthah, Israel took not away the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon:
Judges 11:25	And now art thou any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab? did he ever strive against Israel, or did he ever fight against them,
Judges 11:35	And it came to pass, when he saw her, that he rent his clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter! thou hast brought me very low, and thou art one of them that trouble me: for I have opened my mouth unto the LORD, and I cannot go back.
Judges 12:5	And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when those Ephraimites which were escaped said, Let me go over; that the men of Gilead said unto him, Art thou an Ephraimite? If he said, Nay;
Judges 12:15	And Abdon the son of Hillel the Pirathonite died, and was buried in Pirathon in the land of Ephraim, in the mount of the Amalekites.
Judges 13:10	And the woman made haste, and ran, and showed her husband, and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the other day.
Judges 13:20	For it came to pass, when the flame went up toward heaven from off the altar, that the angel of the LORD ascended in the flame of the altar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground.
Judges 14:5	Then went Samson down, and his father and his mother, to Timnath, and came to the vineyards of Timnath: and, behold, a young lion roared against him.
Judges 14:15	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire: have ye called us to take that we have? is it not so?
Judges 15:5	And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing corn of the Philistines, and burnt up both the shocks, and also the standing corn, with the vineyards and olives.
Judges 15:15	And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.
Judges 16:5	And the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and said unto her, Entice him, and see wherein his great strength lieth, and by what means we may prevail against him, that we may bind him to afflict him; and we will give thee every one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver.
Judges 16:15	And she said unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three times, and hast not told me wherein thy great strength lieth.
Judges 16:25	And it came to pass, when their hearts were merry, that they said, Call for Samson, that he may make us sport. And they called for Samson out of the prison house; and he made them sport: and they set him between the pillars.
Judges 17:4	Yet he restored the money unto his mother; and his mother took two hundred shekels of silver, and gave them to the founder, who made thereof a graven image and a molten image: and they were in the house of Micah.
Judges 18:1	In those days there was no king in Israel: and in those days the tribe of the Danites sought them an inheritance to dwell in; for unto that day all their inheritance had not fallen unto them among the tribes of Israel.
Judges 18:11	And there went from thence of the family of the Danites, out of Zorah and out of Eshtaol, six hundred men appointed with weapons of war.
Judges 18:21	So they turned and departed, and put the little ones and the cattle and the carriage before them.
Judges 18:31	And they set them up Micah's graven image, which he made, all the time that the house of God was in Shiloh.
Judges 19:10	But the man would not tarry that night, but he rose up and departed, and came over against Jebus, which is Jerusalem; and there were with him two asses saddled, his concubine also was with him.
Judges 19:20	And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me; only lodge not in the street.
Judges 19:30	And it was so, that all that saw it said, There was no such deed done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt unto this day: consider of it, take advice, and speak your minds.
Judges 20:10	And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel.
Judges 20:20	And the men of Israel went out to battle against Benjamin; and the men of Israel put themselves in array to fight against them at Gibeah.
Judges 20:30	And the children of Israel went up against the children of Benjamin on the third day, and put themselves in array against Gibeah, as at other times.
Judges 20:40	But when the flame began to arise up out of the city with a pillar of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them, and, behold, the flame of the city ascended up to heaven.
Judges 21:2	And the people came to the house of God, and abode there till even before God, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore;
Judges 21:12	And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins, that had known no man by lying with any male: and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan.
Judges 21:22	And it shall be, when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain, that we will say unto them, Be favorable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty.
Ruth 1:7	Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah.
Ruth 1:17	Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: the LORD do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part thee and me.
Ruth 2:5	Then said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?
Ruth 2:15	And when she was risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, Let her glean even among the sheaves, and reproach her not:
Ruth 3:2	And now is not Boaz of our kindred, with whose maidens thou wast? Behold, he winnoweth barley to night in the threshingfloor.
Ruth 3:12	And now it is true that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I.
Ruth 4:4	And I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If thou wilt redeem it, redeem it: but if thou wilt not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know: for there is none to redeem it beside thee; and I am after thee. And he said, I will redeem it.
Ruth 4:14	And the women said unto Naomi, Blessed be the LORD, which hath not left thee this day without a kinsman, that his name may be famous in Israel.
1 Samuel 1:2	And he had two wives; the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and Peninnah had children, but Hannah had no children.
1 Samuel 1:12	And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that Eli marked her mouth.
1 Samuel 1:22	But Hannah went not up; for she said unto her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned, and then I will bring him, that he may appear before the LORD, and there abide for ever.
1 Samuel 2:4	The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength.
1 Samuel 2:14	And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh unto all the Israelites that came thither.
1 Samuel 2:24	Nay, my sons; for it is no good report that I hear: ye make the LORD's people to transgress.
1 Samuel 2:34	And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them.
1 Samuel 3:8	And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child.
1 Samuel 3:18	And Samuel told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It is the LORD: let him do what seemeth him good.
1 Samuel 4:7	And the Philistines were afraid, for they said, God is come into the camp. And they said, Woe unto us! for there hath not been such a thing heretofore.
1 Samuel 4:17	And the messenger answered and said, Israel is fled before the Philistines, and there hath been also a great slaughter among the people, and thy two sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the ark of God is taken.
1 Samuel 5:5	Therefore neither the priests of Dagon, nor any that come into Dagon's house, tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto this day.
1 Samuel 6:3	And they said, If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise return him a trespass offering: then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you.
1 Samuel 6:13	And they of Bethshemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley: and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the ark, and rejoiced to see it.
1 Samuel 7:2	And it came to pass, while the ark abode in Kirjathjearim, that the time was long; for it was twenty years: and all the house of Israel lamented after the LORD.
1 Samuel 7:12	Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Ebenezer, saying, Hitherto hath the LORD helped us.
1 Samuel 8:5	And said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways: now make us a king to judge us like all the nations.
1 Samuel 8:15	And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants.
1 Samuel 9:3	And the asses of Kish Saul's father were lost. And Kish said to Saul his son, Take now one of the servants with thee, and arise, go seek the asses.
1 Samuel 9:13	As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he go up to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come, because he doth bless the sacrifice; and afterwards they eat that be bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find him.
1 Samuel 9:23	And Samuel said unto the cook, Bring the portion which I gave thee, of which I said unto thee, Set it by thee.
1 Samuel 10:6	And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with them, and shalt be turned into another man.
1 Samuel 10:16	And Saul said unto his uncle, He told us plainly that the asses were found. But of the matter of the kingdom, whereof Samuel spake, he told him not.
1 Samuel 10:26	And Saul also went home to Gibeah; and there went with him a band of men, whose hearts God had touched.
1 Samuel 11:9	And they said unto the messengers that came, Thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabeshgilead, To morrow, by that time the sun be hot, ye shall have help. And the messengers came and showed it to the men of Jabesh; and they were glad.
1 Samuel 12:4	And they said, Thou hast not defrauded us, nor oppressed us, neither hast thou taken ought of any man's hand.
1 Samuel 12:14	If ye will fear the LORD, and serve him, and obey his voice, and not rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall both ye and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the LORD your God:
1 Samuel 12:24	Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all your heart: for consider how great things he hath done for you.
1 Samuel 13:9	And Saul said, Bring hither a burnt offering to me, and peace offerings. And he offered the burnt offering.
1 Samuel 13:19	Now there was no smith found throughout all the land of Israel: for the Philistines said, Lest the Hebrews make them swords or spears:
1 Samuel 14:6	And Jonathan said to the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go over unto the garrison of these uncircumcised: it may be that the LORD will work for us: for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few.
1 Samuel 14:16	And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another.
1 Samuel 14:26	And when the people were come into the wood, behold, the honey dropped; but no man put his hand to his mouth: for the people feared the oath.
1 Samuel 14:36	And Saul said, Let us go down after the Philistines by night, and spoil them until the morning light, and let us not leave a man of them. And they said, Do whatsoever seemeth good unto thee. Then said the priest, Let us draw near hither unto God.
1 Samuel 14:46	Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the Philistines went to their own place.
1 Samuel 15:4	And Saul gathered the people together, and numbered them in Telaim, two hundred thousand footmen, and ten thousand men of Judah.
1 Samuel 15:14	And Samuel said, What meaneth then this bleating of the sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?
1 Samuel 15:24	And Saul said unto Samuel, I have sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD, and thy words: because I feared the people, and obeyed their voice.
1 Samuel 15:34	Then Samuel went to Ramah; and Saul went up to his house to Gibeah of Saul.
1 Samuel 16:9	Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.
1 Samuel 16:19	Wherefore Saul sent messengers unto Jesse, and said, Send me David thy son, which is with the sheep.
1 Samuel 17:6	And he had greaves of brass upon his legs, and a target of brass between his shoulders.
1 Samuel 17:16	And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty days.
1 Samuel 17:26	And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?
1 Samuel 17:36	Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.
1 Samuel 17:46	This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.
1 Samuel 17:56	And the king said, Inquire thou whose son the stripling is.
1 Samuel 18:8	And Saul was very wroth, and the saying displeased him; and he said, They have ascribed unto David ten thousands, and to me they have ascribed but thousands: and what can he have more but the kingdom?
1 Samuel 18:18	And David said unto Saul, Who am I? and what is my life, or my father's family in Israel, that I should be son in law to the king?
1 Samuel 18:28	And Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David, and that Michal Saul's daughter loved him.
1 Samuel 19:8	And there was war again: and David went out, and fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter; and they fled from him.
1 Samuel 19:18	So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went and dwelt in Naioth.
1 Samuel 20:4	Then said Jonathan unto David, Whatsoever thy soul desireth, I will even do it for thee.
1 Samuel 20:14	And thou shalt not only while yet I live show me the kindness of the LORD, that I die not:
1 Samuel 20:24	So David hid himself in the field: and when the new moon was come, the king sat him down to eat meat.
1 Samuel 20:34	So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger, and did eat no meat the second day of the month: for he was grieved for David, because his father had done him shame.
1 Samuel 21:2	And David said unto Ahimelech the priest, The king hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee, and what I have commanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place.
1 Samuel 21:12	And David laid up these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of Achish the king of Gath.
1 Samuel 22:7	Then Saul said unto his servants that stood about him, Hear now, ye Benjamites; will the son of Jesse give every one of you fields and vineyards, and make you all captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds;
1 Samuel 22:17	And the king said unto the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests of the LORD: because their hand also is with David, and because they knew when he fled, and did not show it to me. But the servants of the king would not put forth their hand to fall upon the priests of the LORD.
1 Samuel 23:4	Then David inquired of the LORD yet again. And the LORD answered him and said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into thine hand.
1 Samuel 23:14	And David abode in the wilderness in strong holds, and remained in a mountain in the wilderness of Ziph. And Saul sought him every day, but God delivered him not into his hand.
1 Samuel 23:24	And they arose, and went to Ziph before Saul: but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of Jeshimon.
1 Samuel 24:5	And it came to pass afterward, that David's heart smote him, because he had cut off Saul's skirt.
1 Samuel 24:15	The LORD therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand.
1 Samuel 25:3	Now the name of the man was Nabal; and the name of his wife Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: but the man was churlish and evil in his doings; and he was of the house of Caleb.
1 Samuel 25:13	And David said unto his men, Gird ye on every man his sword. And they girded on every man his sword; and David also girded on his sword: and there went up after David about four hundred men; and two hundred abode by the stuff.
1 Samuel 25:23	And when Abigail saw David, she hasted, and lighted off the ass, and fell before David on her face, and bowed herself to the ground,
1 Samuel 25:33	And blessed be thy advice, and blessed be thou, which hast kept me this day from coming to shed blood, and from avenging myself with mine own hand.
1 Samuel 25:43	David also took Ahinoam of Jezreel; and they were also both of them his wives.
1 Samuel 26:9	And David said to Abishai, Destroy him not: for who can stretch forth his hand against the LORD's anointed, and be guiltless?
1 Samuel 26:19	Now therefore, I pray thee, let my lord the king hear the words of his servant. If the LORD have stirred thee up against me, let him accept an offering: but if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the LORD; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD, saying, Go, serve other gods.
1 Samuel 27:4	And it was told Saul that David was fled to Gath: and he sought no more again for him.
1 Samuel 28:2	And David said to Achish, Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do. And Achish said to David, Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever.
1 Samuel 28:12	And when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a loud voice: and the woman spake to Saul, saying, Why hast thou deceived me? for thou art Saul.
1 Samuel 28:22	Now therefore, I pray thee, hearken thou also unto the voice of thine handmaid, and let me set a morsel of bread before thee; and eat, that thou mayest have strength, when thou goest on thy way.
1 Samuel 29:7	Wherefore now return, and go in peace, that thou displease not the lords of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 30:6	And David was greatly distressed; for the people spake of stoning him, because the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and for his daughters: but David encouraged himself in the LORD his God.
1 Samuel 30:16	And when he had brought him down, behold, they were spread abroad upon all the earth, eating and drinking, and dancing, because of all the great spoil that they had taken out of the land of the Philistines, and out of the land of Judah.
1 Samuel 30:26	And when David came to Ziklag, he sent of the spoil unto the elders of Judah, even to his friends, saying, Behold a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of the LORD;
1 Samuel 31:5	And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise upon his sword, and died with him.
2 Samuel 1:2	It came even to pass on the third day, that, behold, a man came out of the camp from Saul with his clothes rent, and earth upon his head: and so it was, when he came to David, that he fell to the earth, and did obeisance.
2 Samuel 1:12	And they mourned, and wept, and fasted until even, for Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the people of the LORD, and for the house of Israel; because they were fallen by the sword.
2 Samuel 1:22	From the blood of the slain, from the fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty.
2 Samuel 2:5	And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of the LORD, that ye have showed this kindness unto your lord, even unto Saul, and have buried him.
2 Samuel 2:15	Then there arose and went over by number twelve of Benjamin, which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and twelve of the servants of David.
2 Samuel 2:25	And the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together after Abner, and became one troop, and stood on the top of an hill.
2 Samuel 3:3	And his second, Chileab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur;
2 Samuel 3:13	And he said, Well; I will make a league with thee: but one thing I require of thee, that is, Thou shalt not see my face, except thou first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my face.
2 Samuel 3:23	When Joab and all the host that was with him were come, they told Joab, saying, Abner the son of Ner came to the king, and he hath sent him away, and he is gone in peace.
2 Samuel 3:33	And the king lamented over Abner, and said, Died Abner as a fool dieth?
2 Samuel 4:4	And Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel, and his nurse took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he fell, and became lame. And his name was Mephibosheth.
2 Samuel 5:2	Also in time past, when Saul was king over us, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD said to thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain over Israel.
2 Samuel 5:12	And David perceived that the LORD had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kingdom for his people Israel's sake.
2 Samuel 5:22	And the Philistines came up yet again, and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
2 Samuel 6:7	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah; and God smote him there for his error; and there he died by the ark of God.
2 Samuel 6:17	And they brought in the ark of the LORD, and set it in his place, in the midst of the tabernacle that David had pitched for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.
2 Samuel 7:4	And it came to pass that night, that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan, saying,
2 Samuel 7:14	I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men:
2 Samuel 7:24	For thou hast confirmed to thyself thy people Israel to be a people unto thee for ever: and thou, LORD, art become their God.
2 Samuel 8:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to succor Hadadezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
2 Samuel 8:15	And David reigned over all Israel; and David executed judgment and justice unto all his people.
2 Samuel 9:7	And David said unto him, Fear not: for I will surely show thee kindness for Jonathan thy father's sake, and will restore thee all the land of Saul thy father; and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually.
2 Samuel 10:4	Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved off the one half of their beards, and cut off their garments in the middle, even to their buttocks, and sent them away.
2 Samuel 10:14	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, then fled they also before Abishai, and entered into the city. So Joab returned from the children of Ammon, and came to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 11:5	And the woman conceived, and sent and told David, and said, I am with child.
2 Samuel 11:15	And he wrote in the letter, saying, Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye from him, that he may be smitten, and die.
2 Samuel 11:25	Then David said unto the messenger, Thus shalt thou say unto Joab, Let not this thing displease thee, for the sword devoureth one as well as another: make thy battle more strong against the city, and overthrow it: and encourage thou him.
2 Samuel 12:8	And I gave thee thy master's house, and thy master's wives into thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that had been too little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things.
2 Samuel 12:18	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?
2 Samuel 12:28	Now therefore gather the rest of the people together, and encamp against the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called after my name.
2 Samuel 13:7	Then David sent home to Tamar, saying, Go now to thy brother Amnon's house, and dress him meat.
2 Samuel 13:17	Then he called his servant that ministered unto him, and said, Put now this woman out from me, and bolt the door after her.
2 Samuel 13:27	But Absalom pressed him, that he let Amnon and all the king's sons go with him.
2 Samuel 13:37	But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammihud, king of Geshur. And David mourned for his son every day.
2 Samuel 14:8	And the king said unto the woman, Go to thine house, and I will give charge concerning thee.
2 Samuel 14:18	Then the king answered and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray thee, the thing that I shall ask thee. And the woman said, Let my lord the king now speak.
2 Samuel 14:28	So Absalom dwelt two full years in Jerusalem, and saw not the king's face.
2 Samuel 15:5	And it was so, that when any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him.
2 Samuel 15:15	And the king's servants said unto the king, Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint.
2 Samuel 15:25	And the king said unto Zadok, Carry back the ark of God into the city: if I shall find favor in the eyes of the LORD, he will bring me again, and show me both it, and his habitation:
2 Samuel 15:35	And hast thou not there with thee Zadok and Abiathar the priests? therefore it shall be, that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king's house, thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests.
2 Samuel 16:8	The LORD hath returned upon thee all the blood of the house of Saul, in whose stead thou hast reigned; and the LORD hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of Absalom thy son: and, behold, thou art taken in thy mischief, because thou art a bloody man.
2 Samuel 16:18	And Hushai said unto Absalom, Nay; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and with him will I abide.
2 Samuel 17:5	Then said Absalom, Call now Hushai the Archite also, and let us hear likewise what he saith.
2 Samuel 17:15	Then said Hushai unto Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, Thus and thus did Ahithophel counsel Absalom and the elders of Israel; and thus and thus have I counseled.
2 Samuel 17:25	And Absalom made Amasa captain of the host instead of Joab: which Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash, sister to Zeruiah Joab's mother.
2 Samuel 18:6	So the people went out into the field against Israel: and the battle was in the wood of Ephraim;
2 Samuel 18:16	And Joab blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing after Israel: for Joab held back the people.
2 Samuel 18:26	And the watchman saw another man running: and the watchman called unto the porter, and said, Behold another man running alone. And the king said, He also bringeth tidings.
2 Samuel 19:3	And the people gat them by stealth that day into the city, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle.
2 Samuel 19:13	And say ye to Amasa, Art thou not of my bone, and of my flesh? God do so to me, and more also, if thou be not captain of the host before me continually in the room of Joab.
2 Samuel 19:23	Therefore the king said unto Shimei, Thou shalt not die. And the king sware unto him.
2 Samuel 19:33	And the king said unto Barzillai, Come thou over with me, and I will feed thee with me in Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 19:43	And the men of Israel answered the men of Judah, and said, We have ten parts in the king, and we have also more right in David than ye: why then did ye despise us, that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our king? And the words of the men of Judah were fiercer than the words of the men of Israel.
2 Samuel 20:10	But Amasa took no heed to the sword that was in Joab's hand: so he smote him therewith in the fifth rib, and shed out his bowels to the ground, and struck him not again; and he died. So Joab and Abishai his brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
2 Samuel 20:20	And Joab answered and said, Far be it, far be it from me, that I should swallow up or destroy.
2 Samuel 21:4	And the Gibeonites said unto him, We will have no silver nor gold of Saul, nor of his house; neither for us shalt thou kill any man in Israel. And he said, What ye shall say, that will I do for you.
2 Samuel 21:14	And the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and they performed all that the king commanded. And after that God was intreated for the land.
2 Samuel 22:2	And he said, The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer;
2 Samuel 22:12	And he made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and thick clouds of the skies.
2 Samuel 22:22	For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.
2 Samuel 22:32	For who is God, save the LORD? and who is a rock, save our God?
2 Samuel 22:42	They looked, but there was none to save; even unto the LORD, but he answered them not.
2 Samuel 23:1	Now these be the last words of David. David the son of Jesse said, and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the sweet psalmist of Israel, said,
2 Samuel 23:11	And after him was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite. And the Philistines were gathered together into a troop, where was a piece of ground full of lentils: and the people fled from the Philistines.
2 Samuel 23:21	And he slew an Egyptian, a goodly man: and the Egyptian had a spear in his hand; but he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.
2 Samuel 23:31	Abialbon the Arbathite, Azmaveth the Barhumite,
2 Samuel 24:2	For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan even to Beersheba, and number ye the people, that I may know the number of the people.
2 Samuel 24:12	Go and say unto David, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things; choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.
2 Samuel 24:22	And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: behold, here be oxen for burnt sacrifice, and threshing instruments and other instruments of the oxen for wood.
1 Kings 1:7	And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him.
1 Kings 1:17	And she said unto him, My lord, thou swarest by the LORD thy God unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne.
1 Kings 1:27	Is this thing done by my lord the king, and thou hast not showed it unto thy servant, who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him?
1 Kings 1:37	As the LORD hath been with my lord the king, even so be he with Solomon, and make his throne greater than the throne of my lord king David.
1 Kings 1:47	And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne. And the king bowed himself upon the bed.
1 Kings 2:4	That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel.
1 Kings 2:14	He said moreover, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And she said, Say on.
1 Kings 2:24	Now therefore, as the LORD liveth, which hath established me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an house, as he promised, Adonijah shall be put to death this day.
1 Kings 2:34	So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up, and fell upon him, and slew him: and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness.
1 Kings 2:44	The king said moreover to Shimei, Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to, that thou didst to David my father: therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head;
1 Kings 3:8	And thy servant is in the midst of thy people which thou hast chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude.
1 Kings 3:18	And it came to pass the third day after that I was delivered, that this woman was delivered also: and we were together; there was no stranger with us in the house, save we two in the house.
1 Kings 3:28	And all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged; and they feared the king: for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him, to do judgment.
1 Kings 4:10	The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of Hepher:
1 Kings 4:20	Judah and Israel were many, as the sand which is by the sea in multitude, eating and drinking, and making merry.
1 Kings 4:30	And Solomon's wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt.
1 Kings 5:6	Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon; and my servants shall be with thy servants: and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint: for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians.
1 Kings 5:16	Beside the chief of Solomon's officers which were over the work, three thousand and three hundred, which ruled over the people that wrought in the work.
1 Kings 6:8	The door for the middle chamber was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle chamber, and out of the middle into the third.
1 Kings 6:18	And the cedar of the house within was carved with knops and open flowers: all was cedar; there was no stone seen.
1 Kings 6:28	And he overlaid the cherubim with gold.
1 Kings 6:38	And in the eleventh year, in the month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof, and according to all the fashion of it. So was he seven years in building it.
1 Kings 7:10	And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits.
1 Kings 7:20	And the chapiters upon the two pillars had pomegranates also above, over against the belly which was by the network: and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows round about upon the other chapiter.
1 Kings 7:30	And every base had four brazen wheels, and plates of brass: and the four corners thereof had undersetters: under the laver were undersetters molten, at the side of every addition.
1 Kings 7:40	And Hiram made the lavers, and the shovels, and the basins. So Hiram made an end of doing all the work that he made king Solomon for the house of the LORD:
1 Kings 7:50	And the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers of pure gold; and the hinges of gold, both for the doors of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the temple.
1 Kings 8:9	There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of the land of Egypt.
1 Kings 8:19	Nevertheless thou shalt not build the house; but thy son that shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house unto my name.
1 Kings 8:29	That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward the place of which thou hast said, My name shall be there: that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place.
1 Kings 8:39	Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and give to every man according to his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou, even thou only, knowest the hearts of all the children of men;)
1 Kings 8:49	Then hear thou their prayer and their supplication in heaven thy dwelling place, and maintain their cause,
1 Kings 8:59	And let these my words, wherewith I have made supplication before the LORD, be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night, that he maintain the cause of his servant, and the cause of his people Israel at all times, as the matter shall require:
1 Kings 9:3	And the LORD said unto him, I have heard thy prayer and thy supplication, that thou hast made before me: I have hallowed this house, which thou hast built, to put my name there for ever; and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.
1 Kings 9:13	And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day.
1 Kings 9:23	These were the chief of the officers that were over Solomon's work, five hundred and fifty, which bare rule over the people that wrought in the work.
1 Kings 10:5	And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel, and his cupbearers, and his ascent by which he went up unto the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.
1 Kings 10:15	Beside that he had of the merchantmen, and of the traffic of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of Arabia, and of the governors of the country.
1 Kings 10:25	And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments, and armor, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.
1 Kings 11:6	And Solomon did evil in the sight of the LORD, and went not fully after the LORD, as did David his father.
1 Kings 11:16	(For six months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he had cut off every male in Edom:)
1 Kings 11:26	And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.
1 Kings 11:36	And unto his son will I give one tribe, that David my servant may have a light alway before me in Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen me to put my name there.
1 Kings 12:3	That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying,
1 Kings 12:13	And the king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men's counsel that they gave him;
1 Kings 12:23	Speak unto Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and unto all the house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the remnant of the people, saying,
1 Kings 12:33	So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Bethel the fifteenth day of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a feast unto the children of Israel: and he offered upon the altar, and burnt incense.
1 Kings 13:10	So he went another way, and returned not by the way that he came to Bethel.
1 Kings 13:20	And it came to pass, as they sat at the table, that the word of the LORD came unto the prophet that brought him back:
1 Kings 13:30	And he laid his carcass in his own grave; and they mourned over him, saying, Alas, my brother!
1 Kings 14:6	And it was so, when Ahijah heard the sound of her feet, as she came in at the door, that he said, Come in, thou wife of Jeroboam; why feignest thou thyself to be another? for I am sent to thee with heavy tidings.
1 Kings 14:16	And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin.
1 Kings 14:26	And he took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he even took away all: and he took away all the shields of gold which Solomon had made.
1 Kings 15:5	Because David did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, and turned not aside from any thing that he commanded him all the days of his life, save only in the matter of Uriah the Hittite.
1 Kings 15:15	And he brought in the things which his father had dedicated, and the things which himself had dedicated, into the house of the LORD, silver, and gold, and vessels.
1 Kings 15:25	And Nadab the son of Jeroboam began to reign over Israel in the second year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned over Israel two years.
1 Kings 16:1	Then the word of the LORD came to Jehu the son of Hanani against Baasha, saying,
1 Kings 16:11	And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of Baasha: he left him not one that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolk, nor of his friends.
1 Kings 16:21	Then were the people of Israel divided into two parts: half of the people followed Tibni the son of Ginath, to make him king; and half followed Omri.
1 Kings 16:31	And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal king of the Zidonians, and went and served Baal, and worshipped him.
1 Kings 17:7	And it came to pass after a while, that the brook dried up, because there had been no rain in the land.
1 Kings 17:17	And it came to pass after these things, that the son of the woman, the mistress of the house, fell sick; and his sickness was so sore, that there was no breath left in him.
1 Kings 18:3	And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. (Now Obadiah feared the LORD greatly:
1 Kings 18:13	Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the LORD, how I hid an hundred men of the LORD's prophets by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water?
1 Kings 18:23	Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under:
1 Kings 18:33	And he put the wood in order, and cut the bullock in pieces, and laid him on the wood, and said, Fill four barrels with water, and pour it on the burnt sacrifice, and on the wood.
1 Kings 18:43	And said to his servant, Go up now, look toward the sea. And he went up, and looked, and said, There is nothing. And he said, Go again seven times.
1 Kings 19:7	And the angel of the LORD came again the second time, and touched him, and said, Arise and eat; because the journey is too great for thee.
1 Kings 19:17	And it shall come to pass, that him that escapeth the sword of Hazael shall Jehu slay: and him that escapeth from the sword of Jehu shall Elisha slay.
1 Kings 20:6	Yet I will send my servants unto thee to morrow about this time, and they shall search thine house, and the houses of thy servants; and it shall be, that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes, they shall put it in their hand, and take it away.
1 Kings 20:16	And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that helped him.
1 Kings 20:26	And it came to pass at the return of the year, that Benhadad numbered the Syrians, and went up to Aphek, to fight against Israel.
1 Kings 20:36	Then said he unto him, Because thou hast not obeyed the voice of the LORD, behold, as soon as thou art departed from me, a lion shall slay thee. And as soon as he was departed from him, a lion found him, and slew him.
1 Kings 21:3	And Naboth said to Ahab, The LORD forbid it me, that I should give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee.
1 Kings 21:13	And there came in two men, children of Belial, and sat before him: and the men of Belial witnessed against him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blaspheme God and the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him with stones, that he died.
1 Kings 21:23	And of Jezebel also spake the LORD, saying, The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel.
1 Kings 22:4	And he said unto Jehoshaphat, Wilt thou go with me to battle to Ramothgilead? And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou art, my people as thy people, my horses as thy horses.
1 Kings 22:14	And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, what the LORD saith unto me, that will I speak.
1 Kings 22:24	But Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah went near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?
1 Kings 22:34	And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: wherefore he said unto the driver of his chariot, Turn thine hand, and carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
1 Kings 22:44	And Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of Israel.
2 Kings 1:1	Then Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab.
2 Kings 1:11	Again also he sent unto him another captain of fifty with his fifty. And he answered and said unto him, O man of God, thus hath the king said, Come down quickly.
2 Kings 2:3	And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethel came forth to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he said, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.
2 Kings 2:13	He took up also the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and went back, and stood by the bank of Jordan;
2 Kings 2:23	And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.
2 Kings 3:8	And he said, Which way shall we go up? And he answered, The way through the wilderness of Edom.
2 Kings 3:18	And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand.
2 Kings 4:1	Now there cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets unto Elisha, saying, Thy servant my husband is dead; and thou knowest that thy servant did fear the LORD: and the creditor is come to take unto him my two sons to be bondmen.
2 Kings 4:11	And it fell on a day, that he came thither, and he turned into the chamber, and lay there.
2 Kings 4:21	And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the man of God, and shut the door upon him, and went out.
2 Kings 4:31	And Gehazi passed on before them, and laid the staff upon the face of the child; but there was neither voice, nor hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him, and told him, saying, The child is not awaked.
2 Kings 4:41	But he said, Then bring meal. And he cast it into the pot; and he said, Pour out for the people, that they may eat. And there was no harm in the pot.
2 Kings 5:7	And it came to pass, when the king of Israel had read the letter, that he rent his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy? wherefore consider, I pray you, and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me.
2 Kings 5:17	And Naaman said, Shall there not then, I pray thee, be given to thy servant two mules' burden of earth? for thy servant will henceforth offer neither burnt offering nor sacrifice unto other gods, but unto the LORD.
2 Kings 5:27	The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee, and unto thy seed for ever. And he went out from his presence a leper as white as snow.
2 Kings 6:10	And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor twice.
2 Kings 6:20	And it came to pass, when they were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, LORD, open the eyes of these men, that they may see. And the LORD opened their eyes, and they saw; and, behold, they were in the midst of Samaria.
2 Kings 6:30	And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within upon his flesh.
2 Kings 7:7	Wherefore they arose and fled in the twilight, and left their tents, and their horses, and their asses, even the camp as it was, and fled for their life.
2 Kings 7:17	And the king appointed the lord on whose hand he leaned to have the charge of the gate: and the people trode upon him in the gate, and he died, as the man of God had said, who spake when the king came down to him.
2 Kings 8:7	And Elisha came to Damascus; and Benhadad the king of Syria was sick; and it was told him, saying, The man of God is come hither.
2 Kings 8:17	Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 8:27	And he walked in the way of the house of Ahab, and did evil in the sight of the LORD, as did the house of Ahab: for he was the son in law of the house of Ahab.
2 Kings 9:8	For the whole house of Ahab shall perish: and I will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel:
2 Kings 9:18	So there went one on horseback to meet him, and said, Thus saith the king, Is it peace? And Jehu said, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me. And the watchman told, saying, The messenger came to them, but he cometh not again.
2 Kings 9:28	And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem, and buried him in his sepulchre with his fathers in the city of David.
2 Kings 10:1	And Ahab had seventy sons in Samaria. And Jehu wrote letters, and sent to Samaria, unto the rulers of Jezreel, to the elders, and to them that brought up Ahab's children, saying,
2 Kings 10:11	So Jehu slew all that remained of the house of Ahab in Jezreel, and all his great men, and his kinsfolk, and his priests, until he left him none remaining.
2 Kings 10:21	And Jehu sent through all Israel: and all the worshippers of Baal came, so that there was not a man left that came not. And they came into the house of Baal; and the house of Baal was full from one end to another.
2 Kings 10:31	But Jehu took no heed to walk in the law of the LORD God of Israel with all his heart: for he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam, which made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 11:5	And he commanded them, saying, This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you that enter in on the sabbath shall even be keepers of the watch of the king's house;
2 Kings 11:15	But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds, the officers of the host, and said unto them, Have her forth without the ranges: and him that followeth her kill with the sword. For the priest had said, Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 12:4	And Jehoash said to the priests, All the money of the dedicated things that is brought into the house of the LORD, even the money of every one that passeth the account, the money that every man is set at, and all the money that cometh into any man's heart to bring into the house of the LORD,
2 Kings 12:14	But they gave that to the workmen, and repaired therewith the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 13:3	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria, and into the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael, all their days.
2 Kings 13:13	And Joash slept with his fathers; and Jeroboam sat upon his throne: and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel.
2 Kings 13:23	And the LORD was gracious unto them, and had compassion on them, and had respect unto them, because of his covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and would not destroy them, neither cast he them from his presence as yet.
2 Kings 14:8	Then Amaziah sent messengers to Jehoash, the son of Jehoahaz son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us look one another in the face.
2 Kings 14:18	And the rest of the acts of Amaziah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 14:28	Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he warred, and how he recovered Damascus, and Hamath, which belonged to Judah, for Israel, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 15:9	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his fathers had done: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:19	And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land: and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver, that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand.
2 Kings 15:29	In the days of Pekah king of Israel came Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and took Ijon, and Abelbethmaachah, and Janoah, and Kedesh, and Hazor, and Gilead, and Galilee, all the land of Naphtali, and carried them captive to Assyria.
2 Kings 16:1	In the seventeenth year of Pekah the son of Remaliah Ahaz the son of Jotham king of Judah began to reign.
2 Kings 16:11	And Urijah the priest built an altar according to all that king Ahaz had sent from Damascus: so Urijah the priest made it against king Ahaz came from Damascus.
2 Kings 17:1	In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of Elah to reign in Samaria over Israel nine years.
2 Kings 17:11	And there they burnt incense in all the high places, as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before them; and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger:
2 Kings 17:21	For he rent Israel from the house of David; and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat king: and Jeroboam drave Israel from following the LORD, and made them sin a great sin.
2 Kings 17:31	And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
2 Kings 17:41	So these nations feared the LORD, and served their graven images, both their children, and their children's children: as did their fathers, so do they unto this day.
2 Kings 18:10	And at the end of three years they took it: even in the sixth year of Hezekiah, that is in the ninth year of Hoshea king of Israel, Samaria was taken.
2 Kings 18:20	Thou sayest, (but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for the war. Now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?
2 Kings 18:30	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 19:3	And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and blasphemy; for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth.
2 Kings 19:13	Where is the king of Hamath, and the king of Arpad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, of Hena, and Ivah?
2 Kings 19:23	By thy messengers thou hast reproached the LORD, and hast said, With the multitude of my chariots I am come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon, and will cut down the tall cedar trees thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the lodgings of his borders, and into the forest of his Carmel.
2 Kings 19:33	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.
2 Kings 20:6	And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.
2 Kings 20:16	And Isaiah said unto Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD.
2 Kings 21:5	And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 21:15	Because they have done that which was evil in my sight, and have provoked me to anger, since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt, even unto this day.
2 Kings 21:25	Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 22:9	And Shaphan the scribe came to the king, and brought the king word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 22:19	Because thine heart was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD, when thou heardest what I spake against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and hast rent thy clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard thee, saith the LORD.
2 Kings 23:9	Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem, but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brethren.
2 Kings 23:19	And all the houses also of the high places that were in the cities of Samaria, which the kings of Israel had made to provoke the Lord to anger, Josiah took away, and did to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel.
2 Kings 23:29	In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates: and king Josiah went against him; and he slew him at Megiddo, when he had seen him.
2 Kings 24:2	And the LORD sent against him bands of the Chaldees, and bands of the Syrians, and bands of the Moabites, and bands of the children of Ammon, and sent them against Judah to destroy it, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servants the prophets.
2 Kings 24:12	And Jehoiachin the king of Judah went out to the king of Babylon, he, and his mother, and his servants, and his princes, and his officers: and the king of Babylon took him in the eighth year of his reign.
2 Kings 25:2	And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.
2 Kings 25:12	But the captain of the guard left of the door of the poor of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen.
2 Kings 25:22	And as for the people that remained in the land of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler.
1 Chronicles 1:2	Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,
1 Chronicles 1:12	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.
1 Chronicles 1:22	And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
1 Chronicles 1:32	Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.
1 Chronicles 1:42	The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.
1 Chronicles 1:52	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
1 Chronicles 2:8	And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.
1 Chronicles 2:18	And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.
1 Chronicles 2:28	And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab and Abishur.
1 Chronicles 2:38	And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,
1 Chronicles 2:48	Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.
1 Chronicles 3:3	The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.
1 Chronicles 3:13	Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,
1 Chronicles 3:23	And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.
1 Chronicles 4:9	And Jabez was more honorable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow.
1 Chronicles 4:19	And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite.
1 Chronicles 4:29	And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad,
1 Chronicles 4:39	And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.
1 Chronicles 5:6	Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites.
1 Chronicles 5:16	And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, upon their borders.
1 Chronicles 5:26	And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day.
1 Chronicles 6:10	And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)
1 Chronicles 6:20	Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son,
1 Chronicles 6:30	Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.
1 Chronicles 6:40	The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah,
1 Chronicles 6:50	And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son,
1 Chronicles 6:60	And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities.
1 Chronicles 6:70	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath.
1 Chronicles 6:80	And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 7:9	And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valor, was twenty thousand and two hundred.
1 Chronicles 7:19	And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam.
1 Chronicles 7:29	And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Bethshean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel.
1 Chronicles 7:39	And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia.
1 Chronicles 8:9	And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,
1 Chronicles 8:19	And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,
1 Chronicles 8:29	And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife's name was Maachah:
1 Chronicles 8:39	And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.
1 Chronicles 9:9	And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 9:19	And Shallum the son of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his father, the Korahites, were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle: and their fathers, being over the host of the LORD, were keepers of the entry.
1 Chronicles 9:29	Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices.
1 Chronicles 9:39	And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 10:5	And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died.
1 Chronicles 11:1	Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.
1 Chronicles 11:11	And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time.
1 Chronicles 11:21	Of the three, he was more honorable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three.
1 Chronicles 11:31	Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, that pertained to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite,
1 Chronicles 11:41	Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai,
1 Chronicles 12:4	And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite,
1 Chronicles 12:14	These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:24	The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war.
1 Chronicles 12:34	And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.
1 Chronicles 13:4	And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people.
1 Chronicles 13:14	And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had.
1 Chronicles 14:10	And David inquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand.
1 Chronicles 15:3	And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it.
1 Chronicles 15:13	For because ye did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach upon us, for that we sought him not after the due order.
1 Chronicles 15:23	And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark.
1 Chronicles 16:4	And he appointed certain of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of Israel:
1 Chronicles 16:14	He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth.
1 Chronicles 16:24	Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvelous works among all nations.
1 Chronicles 16:34	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.
1 Chronicles 17:1	Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD remaineth under curtains.
1 Chronicles 17:11	And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom.
1 Chronicles 17:21	And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt?
1 Chronicles 18:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them an hundred chariots.
1 Chronicles 18:14	So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people.
1 Chronicles 19:7	So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle.
1 Chronicles 19:17	And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them. So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him.
1 Chronicles 20:8	These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
1 Chronicles 21:10	Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.
1 Chronicles 21:20	And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat.
1 Chronicles 21:30	But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 22:10	He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever.
1 Chronicles 23:1	So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel.
1 Chronicles 23:11	And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house.
1 Chronicles 23:21	The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. The sons of Mahli; Eleazar, and Kish.
1 Chronicles 23:31	And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the LORD in the sabbaths, in the new moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto them, continually before the LORD:
1 Chronicles 24:9	The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin,
1 Chronicles 24:19	These were the orderings of them in their service to come into the house of the LORD, according to their manner, under Aaron their father, as the LORD God of Israel had commanded him.
1 Chronicles 24:29	Concerning Kish: the son of Kish was Jerahmeel.
1 Chronicles 25:8	And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well the small as the great, the teacher as the scholar.
1 Chronicles 25:18	The eleventh to Azareel, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:28	The one and twentieth to Hothir, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:7	The sons of Shemaiah; Othni, and Rephael, and Obed, Elzabad, whose brethren were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah.
1 Chronicles 26:17	Eastward were six Levites, northward four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and two.
1 Chronicles 26:27	Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 27:5	The third captain of the host for the third month was Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a chief priest: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:15	The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, of Othniel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:25	And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and in the villages, and in the castles, was Jehonathan the son of Uzziah:
1 Chronicles 28:1	And David assembled all the princes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the captains of the companies that ministered to the king by course, and the captains over the thousands, and captains over the hundreds, and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men, and with all the valiant men, unto Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 28:11	Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlors thereof, and of the place of the mercy seat,
1 Chronicles 28:21	And, behold, the courses of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God: and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skillful man, for any manner of service: also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment.
1 Chronicles 29:10	Wherefore David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Blessed be thou, LORD God of Israel our father, for ever and ever.
1 Chronicles 29:20	And David said to all the congregation, Now bless the LORD your God. And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king.
1 Chronicles 29:30	With all his reign and his might, and the times that went over him, and over Israel, and over all the kingdoms of the countries.
2 Chronicles 1:10	Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this thy people, that is so great?
2 Chronicles 2:3	And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me.
2 Chronicles 2:13	And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's,
2 Chronicles 3:5	And the greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains.
2 Chronicles 3:15	Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five cubits high, and the chapiter that was on the top of each of them was five cubits.
2 Chronicles 4:8	He made also ten tables, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred basins of gold.
2 Chronicles 4:18	Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance: for the weight of the brass could not be found out.
2 Chronicles 5:6	Also king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.
2 Chronicles 6:2	But I have built an house of habitation for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever.
2 Chronicles 6:12	And he stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands:
2 Chronicles 6:22	If a man sin against his neighbor, and an oath be laid upon him to make him swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house;
2 Chronicles 6:32	Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and thy stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house;
2 Chronicles 6:42	O LORD God, turn not away the face of thine anointed: remember the mercies of David thy servant.
2 Chronicles 7:10	And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had showed unto David, and to Solomon, and to Israel his people.
2 Chronicles 7:20	Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations.
2 Chronicles 8:8	But of their children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel consumed not, them did Solomon make to pay tribute until this day.
2 Chronicles 8:18	And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence four hundred and fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon.
2 Chronicles 9:10	And the servants also of Huram, and the servants of Solomon, which brought gold from Ophir, brought algum trees and precious stones.
2 Chronicles 9:20	And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
2 Chronicles 9:30	And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years.
2 Chronicles 10:9	And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us?
2 Chronicles 10:19	And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.
2 Chronicles 11:10	And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities.
2 Chronicles 11:20	And after her he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom; which bare him Abijah, and Attai, and Ziza, and Shelomith.
2 Chronicles 12:7	And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves, the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah, saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath shall not be poured out upon Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak.
2 Chronicles 13:1	Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam began Abijah to reign over Judah.
2 Chronicles 13:11	And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him.
2 Chronicles 13:21	But Abijah waxed mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twenty and two sons, and sixteen daughters.
2 Chronicles 14:9	And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah.
2 Chronicles 15:4	But when they in their trouble did turn unto the LORD God of Israel, and sought him, he was found of them.
2 Chronicles 15:14	And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice, and with shouting, and with trumpets, and with cornets.
2 Chronicles 16:5	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left off building of Ramah, and let his work cease.
2 Chronicles 17:1	And Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against Israel.
2 Chronicles 17:11	Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and tribute silver; and the Arabians brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats.
2 Chronicles 18:2	And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead.
2 Chronicles 18:12	And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; let thy word therefore, I pray thee, be like one of theirs, and speak thou good.
2 Chronicles 18:22	Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil against thee.
2 Chronicles 18:32	For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, they turned back again from pursuing him.
2 Chronicles 19:8	Moreover in Jerusalem did Jehoshaphat set of the Levites, and of the priests, and of the chief of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of the LORD, and for controversies, when they returned to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 20:7	Art not thou our God, who didst drive out the inhabitants of this land before thy people Israel, and gavest it to the seed of Abraham thy friend for ever?
2 Chronicles 20:17	Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you.
2 Chronicles 20:27	Then they returned, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies.
2 Chronicles 20:37	Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah, the LORD hath broken thy works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish.
2 Chronicles 21:10	So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. The same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers.
2 Chronicles 21:20	Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired. Howbeit they buried him in the city of David, but not in the sepulchres of the kings.
2 Chronicles 22:10	But when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of Judah.
2 Chronicles 23:8	So the Levites and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses.
2 Chronicles 23:18	Also Jehoiada appointed the offices of the house of the LORD by the hand of the priests the Levites, whom David had distributed in the house of the LORD, to offer the burnt offerings of the LORD, as it is written in the law of Moses, with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David.
2 Chronicles 24:7	For the sons of Athaliah, that wicked woman, had broken up the house of God; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon Baalim.
2 Chronicles 24:17	Now after the death of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah, and made obeisance to the king. Then the king hearkened unto them.
2 Chronicles 24:27	Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid upon him, and the repairing of the house of God, behold, they are written in the story of the book of the kings. And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 25:10	Then Amaziah separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of Ephraim, to go home again: wherefore their anger was greatly kindled against Judah, and they returned home in great anger.
2 Chronicles 25:20	But Amaziah would not hear; for it came of God, that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies, because they sought after the gods of Edom.
2 Chronicles 26:2	He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.
2 Chronicles 26:12	The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valor were two thousand and six hundred.
2 Chronicles 26:22	Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and last, did Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, write.
2 Chronicles 27:9	And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 28:10	And now ye purpose to keep under the children of Judah and Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God?
2 Chronicles 28:20	And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria came unto him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not.
2 Chronicles 29:3	He in the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the doors of the house of the LORD, and repaired them.
2 Chronicles 29:13	And of the sons of Elizaphan; Shimri, and Jeiel: and of the sons of Asaph; Zechariah, and Mattaniah:
2 Chronicles 29:23	And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands upon them:
2 Chronicles 29:33	And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep.
2 Chronicles 30:7	And be not ye like your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave them up to desolation, as ye see.
2 Chronicles 30:17	For there were many in the congregation that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to sanctify them unto the LORD.
2 Chronicles 30:27	Then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people: and their voice was heard, and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place, even unto heaven.
2 Chronicles 31:10	And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him, and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the LORD, we have had enough to eat, and have left plenty: for the LORD hath blessed his people; and that which is left is this great store.
2 Chronicles 31:20	And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought that which was good and right and truth before the LORD his God.
2 Chronicles 32:9	After this did Sennacherib king of Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem, (but he himself laid siege against Lachish, and all his power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all Judah that were at Jerusalem, saying,
2 Chronicles 32:19	And they spake against the God of Jerusalem, as against the gods of the people of the earth, which were the work of the hands of man.
2 Chronicles 32:29	Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much.
2 Chronicles 33:6	And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of Hinnom: also he observed times, and used enchantments, and used witchcraft, and dealt with a familiar spirit, and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
2 Chronicles 33:16	And he repaired the altar of the LORD, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and thank offerings, and commanded Judah to serve the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 34:1	Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.
2 Chronicles 34:11	Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed.
2 Chronicles 34:21	Go, enquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah, concerning the words of the book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is poured out upon us, because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD, to do after all that is written in this book.
2 Chronicles 34:31	And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book.
2 Chronicles 35:8	And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites: Hilkiah and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six hundred small cattle and three hundred oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:18	And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all Judah and Israel that were present, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:1	Then the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father's stead in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:11	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:21	To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years.
Ezra 1:8	Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
Ezra 2:7	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:17	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:27	The men of Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.
Ezra 2:37	The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.
Ezra 2:47	The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah,
Ezra 2:57	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami.
Ezra 2:67	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty.
Ezra 3:7	They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia.
Ezra 4:4	Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and troubled them in building,
Ezra 4:14	Now because we have maintenance from the king's palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king's dishonour, therefore have we sent and certified the king;
Ezra 4:24	Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem. So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.
Ezra 5:10	We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them.
Ezra 6:3	In the first year of Cyrus the king the same Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid; the height thereof threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof threescore cubits;
Ezra 6:13	Then Tatnai, governor on this side the river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily.
Ezra 7:1	Now after these things, in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra the son of Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah,
Ezra 7:11	Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.
Ezra 7:21	And I, even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,
Ezra 8:3	Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh; Zechariah: and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.
Ezra 8:13	And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males.
Ezra 8:23	So we fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us.
Ezra 8:33	Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of Binnui, Levites;
Ezra 9:7	Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face, as it is this day.
Ezra 10:2	And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one of the sons of Elam, answered and said unto Ezra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel concerning this thing.
Ezra 10:12	Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do.
Ezra 10:22	And of the sons of Pashur; Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad, and Elasah.
Ezra 10:32	Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah.
Ezra 10:42	Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph.
Nehemiah 1:8	Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, saying, If ye transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations:
Nehemiah 2:7	Moreover I said unto the king, If it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah;
Nehemiah 2:17	Then said I unto them, Ye see the distress that we are in, how Jerusalem lieth waste, and the gates thereof are burned with fire: come, and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem, that we be no more a reproach.
Nehemiah 3:7	And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river.
Nehemiah 3:17	After him repaired the Levites, Rehum the son of Bani. Next unto him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of the half part of Keilah, in his part.
Nehemiah 3:27	After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel.
Nehemiah 4:5	And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee: for they have provoked thee to anger before the builders.
Nehemiah 4:15	And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work.
Nehemiah 5:2	For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live.
Nehemiah 5:12	Then said they, We will restore them, and will require nothing of them; so will we do as thou sayest. Then I called the priests, and took an oath of them, that they should do according to this promise.
Nehemiah 6:3	And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?
Nehemiah 6:13	Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they might reproach me.
Nehemiah 7:4	Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded.
Nehemiah 7:14	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
Nehemiah 7:24	The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve.
Nehemiah 7:34	The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Nehemiah 7:44	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred forty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:54	The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
Nehemiah 7:64	These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
Nehemiah 8:1	And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water gate; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded to Israel.
Nehemiah 8:11	So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day is holy; neither be ye grieved.
Nehemiah 9:3	And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day; and another fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God.
Nehemiah 9:13	Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai, and spakest with them from heaven, and gavest them right judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:
Nehemiah 9:23	Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven, and broughtest them into the land, concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it.
Nehemiah 9:33	Howbeit thou art just in all that is brought upon us; for thou hast done right, but we have done wickedly:
Nehemiah 10:5	Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah,
Nehemiah 10:15	Bunni, Azgad, Bebai,
Nehemiah 10:25	Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah,
Nehemiah 10:35	And to bring the firstfruits of our ground, and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees, year by year, unto the house of the LORD:
Nehemiah 11:6	All the sons of Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men.
Nehemiah 11:16	And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.
Nehemiah 11:26	And at Jeshua, and at Moladah, and at Bethphelet,
Nehemiah 11:36	And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Benjamin.
Nehemiah 12:10	And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada,
Nehemiah 12:20	Of Sallai, Kallai; of Amok, Eber;
Nehemiah 12:30	And the priests and the Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, and the gates, and the wall.
Nehemiah 12:40	So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God, and I, and the half of the rulers with me:
Nehemiah 13:3	Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.
Nehemiah 13:13	And I made treasurers over the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faithful, and their office was to distribute unto their brethren.
Nehemiah 13:23	In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab:
Esther 1:2	That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace,
Esther 1:12	But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him.
Esther 1:22	For he sent letters into all the king's provinces, into every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people.
Esther 2:10	Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should not shew it.
Esther 2:20	Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him.
Esther 3:7	In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.
Esther 4:2	And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth.
Esther 4:12	And they told to Mordecai Esther's words.
Esther 5:5	Then the king said, Cause Haman to make haste, that he may do as Esther hath said. So the king and Haman came to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Esther 6:1	On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king.
Esther 6:11	Then took Haman the apparel and the horse, and arrayed Mordecai, and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaimed before him, Thus shall it be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour.
Esther 7:7	And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrath went into the palace garden: and Haman stood up to make request for his life to Esther the queen; for he saw that there was evil determined against him by the king.
Esther 8:7	Then the king Ahasuerus said unto Esther the queen and to Mordecai the Jew, Behold, I have given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged upon the gallows, because he laid his hand upon the Jews.
Esther 8:17	And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them.
Esther 9:10	The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand.
Esther 9:20	And Mordecai wrote these things, and sent letters unto all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, both nigh and far,
Esther 9:30	And he sent the letters unto all the Jews, to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus, with words of peace and truth,
Job 1:5	And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts. Thus did Job continually.
Job 1:15	And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Job 2:3	And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil? and still he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause.
Job 2:13	So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him: for they saw that his grief was very great.
Job 3:10	Because it shut not up the doors of my mother's womb, nor hid sorrow from mine eyes.
Job 3:20	Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, and life unto the bitter in soul;
Job 4:4	Thy words have upholden him that was falling, and thou hast strengthened the feeble knees.
Job 4:14	Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my bones to shake.
Job 5:3	I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I cursed his habitation.
Job 5:13	He taketh the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the froward is carried headlong.
Job 5:23	For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.
Job 6:6	Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in the white of an egg?
Job 6:16	Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid:
Job 6:26	Do ye imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate, which are as wind?
Job 7:6	My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope.
Job 7:16	I loathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity.
Job 8:5	If thou wouldest seek unto God betimes, and make thy supplication to the Almighty;
Job 8:15	He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.
Job 9:3	If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand.
Job 9:13	If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him.
Job 9:23	If the scourge slay suddenly, he will laugh at the trial of the innocent.
Job 9:33	Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both.
Job 10:8	Thine hands have made me and fashioned me together round about; yet thou dost destroy me.
Job 10:18	Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had given up the ghost, and no eye had seen me!
Job 11:6	And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to that which is! Know therefore that God exacteth of thee less than thine iniquity deserveth.
Job 11:16	Because thou shalt forget thy misery, and remember it as waters that pass away:
Job 12:6	The tabernacles of robbers prosper, and they that provoke God are secure; into whose hand God bringeth abundantly.
Job 12:16	With him is strength and wisdom: the deceived and the deceiver are his.
Job 13:1	Lo, mine eye hath seen all this, mine ear hath heard and understood it.
Job 13:11	Shall not his excellency make you afraid? and his dread fall upon you?
Job 13:21	Withdraw thine hand far from me: and let not thy dread make me afraid.
Job 14:3	And doth thou open thine eyes upon such an one, and bringest me into judgment with thee?
Job 14:13	O that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint me a set time, and remember me!
Job 15:1	Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite, and said,
Job 15:11	Are the consolations of God small with thee? is there any secret thing with thee?
Job 15:21	A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him.
Job 15:31	Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity: for vanity shall be his recompence.
Job 16:6	Though I speak, my grief is not asswaged: and though I forbear, what am I eased?
Job 16:16	My face is foul with weeping, and on my eyelids is the shadow of death;
Job 17:4	For thou hast hid their heart from understanding: therefore shalt thou not exalt them.
Job 17:14	I have said to corruption, Thou art my father: to the worm, Thou art my mother, and my sister.
Job 18:8	For he is cast into a net by his own feet, and he walketh upon a snare.
Job 18:18	He shall be driven from light into darkness, and chased out of the world.
Job 19:7	Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no judgment.
Job 19:17	My breath is strange to my wife, though I intreated for the children's sake of mine own body.
Job 19:27	Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.
Job 20:8	He shall fly away as a dream, and shall not be found: yea, he shall be chased away as a vision of the night.
Job 20:18	That which he laboured for shall he restore, and shall not swallow it down: according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice therein.
Job 20:28	The increase of his house shall depart, and his goods shall flow away in the day of his wrath.
Job 21:9	Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God upon them.
Job 21:19	God layeth up his iniquity for his children: he rewardeth him, and he shall know it.
Job 21:29	Have ye not asked them that go by the way? and do ye not know their tokens,
Job 22:5	Is not thy wickedness great? and thine iniquities infinite?
Job 22:15	Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden?
Job 22:25	Yea, the Almighty shall be thy defence, and thou shalt have plenty of silver.
Job 23:5	I would know the words which he would answer me, and understand what he would say unto me.
Job 23:15	Therefore am I troubled at his presence: when I consider, I am afraid of him.
Job 24:8	They are wet with the showers of the mountains, and embrace the rock for want of a shelter.
Job 24:18	He is swift as the waters; their portion is cursed in the earth: he beholdeth not the way of the vineyards.
Job 25:3	Is there any number of his armies? and upon whom doth not his light arise?
Job 26:7	He stretcheth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the earth upon nothing.
Job 27:3	All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils;
Job 27:13	This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Almighty.
Job 27:23	Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place.
Job 28:10	He cutteth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every precious thing.
Job 28:20	Whence then cometh wisdom? and where is the place of understanding?
Job 29:2	Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me;
Job 29:12	Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him.
Job 29:22	After my words they spake not again; and my speech dropped upon them.
Job 30:7	Among the bushes they brayed; under the nettles they were gathered together.
Job 30:17	My bones are pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest.
Job 30:27	My bowels boiled, and rested not: the days of affliction prevented me.
Job 31:6	Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity.
Job 31:16	If I have withheld the poor from their desire, or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail;
Job 31:26	If I beheld the sun when it shined, or the moon walking in brightness;
Job 31:36	Surely I would take it upon my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me.
Job 32:6	And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and ye are very old; wherefore I was afraid, and durst not shew you mine opinion.
Job 32:16	When I had waited, (for they spake not, but stood still, and answered no more;)
Job 33:4	The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life.
Job 33:14	For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth it not.
Job 33:24	Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom.
Job 34:1	Furthermore Elihu answered and said,
Job 34:11	For the work of a man shall he render unto him, and cause every man to find according to his ways.
Job 34:21	For his eyes are upon the ways of man, and he seeth all his goings.
Job 34:31	Surely it is meet to be said unto God, I have borne chastisement, I will not offend any more:
Job 35:4	I will answer thee, and thy companions with thee.
Job 35:14	Although thou sayest thou shalt not see him, yet judgment is before him; therefore trust thou in him.
Job 36:8	And if they be bound in fetters, and be holden in cords of affliction;
Job 36:18	Because there is wrath, beware lest he take thee away with his stroke: then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.
Job 36:28	Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly.
Job 37:5	God thundereth marvellously with his voice; great things doeth he, which we cannot comprehend.
Job 37:15	Dost thou know when God disposed them, and caused the light of his cloud to shine?
Job 38:1	Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
Job 38:11	And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed?
Job 38:21	Knowest thou it, because thou wast then born? or because the number of thy days is great?
Job 38:31	Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion?
Job 38:41	Who provideth for the raven his food? when his young ones cry unto God, they wander for lack of meat.
Job 39:10	Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow? or will he harrow the valleys after thee?
Job 39:20	Canst thou make him afraid as a grasshopper? the glory of his nostrils is terrible.
Job 39:30	Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she.
Job 40:10	Deck thyself now with majesty and excellency; and array thyself with glory and beauty.
Job 40:20	Surely the mountains bring him forth food, where all the beasts of the field play.
Job 41:6	Shall the companions make a banquet of him? shall they part him among the merchants?
Job 41:16	One is so near to another, that no air can come between them.
Job 41:26	The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon.
Job 42:2	I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought can be withholden from thee.
Job 42:12	So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning: for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and a thousand she asses.
Psalms 1:5	Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous.
Psalms 2:9	Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel.
Psalms 3:7	Arise, O LORD; save me, O my God: for thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheek bone; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly.
Psalms 5:1	Give ear to my words, O LORD, consider my meditation.
Psalms 5:11	But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for joy, because thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be joyful in thee.
Psalms 6:9	The LORD hath heard my supplication; the LORD will receive my prayer.
Psalms 7:9	Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end; but establish the just: for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins.
Psalms 8:2	Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.
Psalms 9:3	When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence.
Psalms 9:13	Have mercy upon me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death:
Psalms 10:3	For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth.
Psalms 10:13	Wherefore doth the wicked contemn God? he hath said in his heart, Thou wilt not require it.
Psalms 11:5	The LORD trieth the righteous: but the wicked and him that loveth violence his soul hateth.
Psalms 12:8	The wicked walk on every side, when the vilest men are exalted.
Psalms 14:4	Have all the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread, and call not upon the LORD.
Psalms 16:2	O my soul, thou hast said unto the LORD, Thou art my Lord: my goodness extendeth not to thee;
Psalms 17:1	Hear the right, O LORD, attend unto my cry, give ear unto my prayer, that goeth not out of feigned lips.
Psalms 17:11	They have now compassed us in our steps: they have set their eyes bowing down to the earth;
Psalms 18:6	In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried unto my God: he heard my voice out of his temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears.
Psalms 18:16	He sent from above, he took me, he drew me out of many waters.
Psalms 18:26	With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself froward.
Psalms 18:36	Thou hast enlarged my steps under me, that my feet did not slip.
Psalms 18:46	The LORD liveth; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be exalted.
Psalms 19:6	His going forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof.
Psalms 20:2	Send thee help from the sanctuary, and strengthen thee out of Zion;
Psalms 21:3	For thou preventest him with the blessings of goodness: thou settest a crown of pure gold on his head.
Psalms 21:13	Be thou exalted, LORD, in thine own strength: so will we sing and praise thy power.
Psalms 22:10	I was cast upon thee from the womb: thou art my God from my mother's belly.
Psalms 22:20	Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog.
Psalms 22:30	A seed shall serve him; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a generation.
Psalms 24:3	Who shall ascend into the hill of the LORD? or who shall stand in his holy place?
Psalms 25:3	Yea, let none that wait on thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause.
Psalms 25:13	His soul shall dwell at ease; and his seed shall inherit the earth.
Psalms 26:1	Judge me, O LORD; for I have walked in mine integrity: I have trusted also in the LORD; therefore I shall not slide.
Psalms 26:11	But as for me, I will walk in mine integrity: redeem me, and be merciful unto me.
Psalms 27:9	Hide not thy face far from me; put not thy servant away in anger: thou hast been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation.
Psalms 28:5	Because they regard not the works of the LORD, nor the operation of his hands, he shall destroy them, and not build them up.
Psalms 29:6	He maketh them also to skip like a calf; Lebanon and Sirion like a young unicorn.
Psalms 30:5	For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.
Psalms 31:3	For thou art my rock and my fortress; therefore for thy name's sake lead me, and guide me.
Psalms 31:13	For I have heard the slander of many: fear was on every side: while they took counsel together against me, they devised to take away my life.
Psalms 31:23	O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer.
Psalms 32:9	Be ye not as the horse, or as the mule, which have no understanding: whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle, lest they come near unto thee.
Psalms 33:8	Let all the earth fear the LORD: let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him.
Psalms 33:18	Behold, the eye of the LORD is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy;
Psalms 34:6	This poor man cried, and the LORD heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles.
Psalms 34:16	The face of the LORD is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth.
Psalms 35:4	Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt.
Psalms 35:14	I behaved myself as though he had been my friend or brother: I bowed down heavily, as one that mourneth for his mother.
Psalms 35:24	Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy righteousness; and let them not rejoice over me.
Psalms 36:6	Thy righteousness is like the great mountains; thy judgments are a great deep: O LORD, thou preservest man and beast.
Psalms 37:4	Delight thyself also in the LORD: and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart.
Psalms 37:14	The wicked have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow, to cast down the poor and needy, and to slay such as be of upright conversation.
Psalms 37:24	Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand.
Psalms 37:34	Wait on the LORD, and keep his way, and he shall exalt thee to inherit the land: when the wicked are cut off, thou shalt see it.
Psalms 38:4	For mine iniquities are gone over mine head: as an heavy burden they are too heavy for me.
Psalms 38:14	Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs.
Psalms 39:2	I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.
Psalms 39:12	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and give ear unto my cry; hold not thy peace at my tears: for I am a stranger with thee, and a sojourner, as all my fathers were.
Psalms 40:9	I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained my lips, O LORD, thou knowest.
Psalms 41:2	The LORD will preserve him, and keep him alive; and he shall be blessed upon the earth: and thou wilt not deliver him unto the will of his enemies.
Psalms 41:12	And as for me, thou upholdest me in mine integrity, and settest me before thy face for ever.
Psalms 42:9	I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
Psalms 44:3	For they got not the land in possession by their own sword, neither did their own arm save them: but thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst a favour unto them.
Psalms 44:13	Thou makest us a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and a derision to them that are round about us.
Psalms 44:23	Awake, why sleepest thou, O Lord? arise, cast us not off for ever.
Psalms 45:7	Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
Psalms 45:17	I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever.
Psalms 46:10	Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.
Psalms 47:9	The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of the God of Abraham: for the shields of the earth belong unto God: he is greatly exalted.
Psalms 48:10	According to thy name, O God, so is thy praise unto the ends of the earth: thy right hand is full of righteousness.
Psalms 49:6	They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches;
Psalms 49:16	Be not thou afraid when one is made rich, when the glory of his house is increased;
Psalms 50:6	And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself. Selah.
Psalms 50:16	But unto the wicked God saith, What hast thou to do to declare my statutes, or that thou shouldest take my covenant in thy mouth?
Psalms 51:3	For I acknowledge my transgressions: and my sin is ever before me.
Psalms 51:13	Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be converted unto thee.
Psalms 52:4	Thou lovest all devouring words, O thou deceitful tongue.
Psalms 53:5	There were they in great fear, where no fear was: for God hath scattered the bones of him that encampeth against thee: thou hast put them to shame, because God hath despised them.
Psalms 55:2	Attend unto me, and hear me: I mourn in my complaint, and make a noise;
Psalms 55:12	For it was not an enemy that reproached me; then I could have borne it: neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me; then I would have hid myself from him:
Psalms 55:22	Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
Psalms 56:9	When I cry unto thee, then shall mine enemies turn back: this I know; for God is for me.
Psalms 57:6	They have prepared a net for my steps; my soul is bowed down: they have digged a pit before me, into the midst whereof they are fallen themselves. Selah.
Psalms 58:5	Which will not hearken to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely.
Psalms 59:4	They run and prepare themselves without my fault: awake to help me, and behold.
Psalms 59:14	And at evening let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.
Psalms 60:7	Gilead is mine, and Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver;
Psalms 61:5	For thou, O God, hast heard my vows: thou hast given me the heritage of those that fear thy name.
Psalms 62:7	In God is my salvation and my glory: the rock of my strength, and my refuge, is in God.
Psalms 63:5	My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips:
Psalms 64:4	That they may shoot in secret at the perfect: suddenly do they shoot at him, and fear not.
Psalms 65:4	Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts: we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple.
Psalms 66:1	Make a joyful noise unto God, all ye lands:
Psalms 66:11	Thou broughtest us into the net; thou laidst affliction upon our loins.
Psalms 67:1	God be merciful unto us, and bless us; and cause his face to shine upon us; Selah.
Psalms 68:4	Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him.
Psalms 68:14	When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as snow in Salmon.
Psalms 68:24	They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in the sanctuary.
Psalms 68:34	Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds.
Psalms 69:9	For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them that reproached thee are fallen upon me.
Psalms 69:19	Thou hast known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonour: mine adversaries are all before thee.
Psalms 69:29	But I am poor and sorrowful: let thy salvation, O God, set me up on high.
Psalms 70:3	Let them be turned back for a reward of their shame that say, Aha, aha.
Psalms 71:8	Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy honour all the day.
Psalms 71:18	Now also when I am old and greyheaded, O God, forsake me not; until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one that is to come.
Psalms 72:4	He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save the children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor.
Psalms 72:14	He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall their blood be in his sight.
Psalms 73:4	For there are no bands in their death: but their strength is firm.
Psalms 73:14	For all the day long have I been plagued, and chastened every morning.
Psalms 73:24	Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel, and afterward receive me to glory.
Psalms 74:6	But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers.
Psalms 74:16	The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun.
Psalms 75:3	The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved: I bear up the pillars of it. Selah.
Psalms 76:3	There brake he the arrows of the bow, the shield, and the sword, and the battle. Selah.
Psalms 77:1	I cried unto God with my voice, even unto God with my voice; and he gave ear unto me.
Psalms 77:11	I will remember the works of the LORD: surely I will remember thy wonders of old.
Psalms 78:1	Give ear, O my people, to my law: incline your ears to the words of my mouth.
Psalms 78:11	And forgat his works, and his wonders that he had shewed them.
Psalms 78:21	Therefore the LORD heard this, and was wroth: so a fire was kindled against Jacob, and anger also came up against Israel;
Psalms 78:31	The wrath of God came upon them, and slew the fattest of them, and smote down the chosen men of Israel.
Psalms 78:41	Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of Israel.
Psalms 78:51	And smote all the firstborn in Egypt; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of Ham:
Psalms 78:61	And delivered his strength into captivity, and his glory into the enemy's hand.
Psalms 78:71	From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed Jacob his people, and Israel his inheritance.
Psalms 79:9	Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy name's sake.
Psalms 80:6	Thou makest us a strife unto our neighbours: and our enemies laugh among themselves.
Psalms 80:16	It is burned with fire, it is cut down: they perish at the rebuke of thy countenance.
Psalms 81:7	Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I answered thee in the secret place of thunder: I proved thee at the waters of Meribah. Selah.
Psalms 82:1	God standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth among the gods.
Psalms 83:3	They have taken crafty counsel against thy people, and consulted against thy hidden ones.
Psalms 83:13	O my God, make them like a wheel; as the stubble before the wind.
Psalms 84:5	Blessed is the man whose strength is in thee; in whose heart are the ways of them.
Psalms 85:3	Thou hast taken away all thy wrath: thou hast turned thyself from the fierceness of thine anger.
Psalms 85:13	Righteousness shall go before him; and shall set us in the way of his steps.
Psalms 86:10	For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone.
Psalms 87:3	Glorious things are spoken of thee, O city of God. Selah.
Psalms 88:6	Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps.
Psalms 88:16	Thy fierce wrath goeth over me; thy terrors have cut me off.
Psalms 89:8	O LORD God of hosts, who is a strong LORD like unto thee? or to thy faithfulness round about thee?
Psalms 89:18	For the LORD is our defence; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.
Psalms 89:28	My mercy will I keep for him for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast with him.
Psalms 89:38	But thou hast cast off and abhorred, thou hast been wroth with thine anointed.
Psalms 89:48	What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave? Selah.
Psalms 90:6	In the morning it flourisheth, and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, and withereth.
Psalms 90:16	Let thy work appear unto thy servants, and thy glory unto their children.
Psalms 91:9	Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation;
Psalms 92:3	Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the psaltery; upon the harp with a solemn sound.
Psalms 92:13	Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God.
Psalms 94:3	LORD, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked triumph?
Psalms 94:13	That thou mayest give him rest from the days of adversity, until the pit be digged for the wicked.
Psalms 94:23	And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity, and shall cut them off in their own wickedness; yea, the LORD our God shall cut them off.
Psalms 95:10	Forty years long was I grieved with this generation, and said, It is a people that do err in their heart, and they have not known my ways:
Psalms 96:9	O worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness: fear before him, all the earth.
Psalms 97:6	The heavens declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory.
Psalms 98:4	Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all the earth: make a loud noise, and rejoice, and sing praise.
Psalms 99:5	Exalt ye the LORD our God, and worship at his footstool; for he is holy.
Psalms 101:1	I will sing of mercy and judgment: unto thee, O LORD, will I sing.
Psalms 102:3	For my days are consumed like smoke, and my bones are burned as an hearth.
Psalms 102:13	Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion: for the time to favour her, yea, the set time, is come.
Psalms 102:23	He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.
Psalms 103:5	Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle's.
Psalms 103:15	As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he flourisheth.
Psalms 104:3	Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chariot: who walketh upon the wings of the wind:
Psalms 104:13	He watereth the hills from his chambers: the earth is satisfied with the fruit of thy works.
Psalms 104:23	Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening.
Psalms 104:33	I will sing unto the LORD as long as I live: I will sing praise to my God while I have my being.
Psalms 105:8	He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.
Psalms 105:18	Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:
Psalms 105:28	He sent darkness, and made it dark; and they rebelled not against his word.
Psalms 105:38	Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them.
Psalms 106:3	Blessed are they that keep judgment, and he that doeth righteousness at all times.
Psalms 106:13	They soon forgat his works; they waited not for his counsel:
Psalms 106:23	Therefore he said that he would destroy them, had not Moses his chosen stood before him in the breach, to turn away his wrath, lest he should destroy them.
Psalms 106:33	Because they provoked his spirit, so that he spake unadvisedly with his lips.
Psalms 106:43	Many times did he deliver them; but they provoked him with their counsel, and were brought low for their iniquity.
Psalms 107:5	Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.
Psalms 107:15	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Psalms 107:25	For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof.
Psalms 107:35	He turneth the wilderness into a standing water, and dry ground into watersprings.
Psalms 108:2	Awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.
Psalms 108:12	Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.
Psalms 109:9	Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.
Psalms 109:19	Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him, and for a girdle wherewith he is girded continually.
Psalms 109:29	Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle.
Psalms 111:1	Praise ye the LORD. I will praise the LORD with my whole heart, in the assembly of the upright, and in the congregation.
Psalms 112:1	Praise ye the LORD. Blessed is the man that feareth the LORD, that delighteth greatly in his commandments.
Psalms 113:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise, O ye servants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD.
Psalms 114:2	Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel his dominion.
Psalms 115:4	Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands.
Psalms 115:14	The LORD shall increase you more and more, you and your children.
Psalms 116:6	The LORD preserveth the simple: I was brought low, and he helped me.
Psalms 116:16	O LORD, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid: thou hast loosed my bonds.
Psalms 118:5	I called upon the LORD in distress: the LORD answered me, and set me in a large place.
Psalms 118:15	The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly.
Psalms 118:25	Save now, I beseech thee, O LORD: O LORD, I beseech thee, send now prosperity.
Psalms 119:6	Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect unto all thy commandments.
Psalms 119:16	I will delight myself in thy statutes: I will not forget thy word.
Psalms 119:26	I have declared my ways, and thou heardest me: teach me thy statutes.
Psalms 119:36	Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness.
Psalms 119:46	I will speak of thy testimonies also before kings, and will not be ashamed.
Psalms 119:56	This I had, because I kept thy precepts.
Psalms 119:66	Teach me good judgment and knowledge: for I have believed thy commandments.
Psalms 119:76	Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be for my comfort, according to thy word unto thy servant.
Psalms 119:86	All thy commandments are faithful: they persecute me wrongfully; help thou me.
Psalms 119:96	I have seen an end of all perfection: but thy commandment is exceeding broad.
Psalms 119:106	I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments.
Psalms 119:116	Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live: and let me not be ashamed of my hope.
Psalms 119:126	It is time for thee, LORD, to work: for they have made void thy law.
Psalms 119:136	Rivers of waters run down mine eyes, because they keep not thy law.
Psalms 119:146	I cried unto thee; save me, and I shall keep thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:156	Great are thy tender mercies, O LORD: quicken me according to thy judgments.
Psalms 119:166	LORD, I have hoped for thy salvation, and done thy commandments.
Psalms 119:176	I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek thy servant; for I do not forget thy commandments.
Psalms 121:3	He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he that keepeth thee will not slumber.
Psalms 122:5	For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the house of David.
Psalms 124:2	If it had not been the LORD who was on our side, when men rose up against us:
Psalms 125:4	Do good, O LORD, unto those that be good, and to them that are upright in their hearts.
Psalms 127:3	Lo, children are an heritage of the LORD: and the fruit of the womb is his reward.
Psalms 129:2	Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth: yet they have not prevailed against me.
Psalms 130:4	But there is forgiveness with thee, that thou mayest be feared.
Psalms 132:3	Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed;
Psalms 132:13	For the LORD hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his habitation.
Psalms 134:2	Lift up your hands in the sanctuary, and bless the LORD.
Psalms 135:9	Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants.
Psalms 135:19	Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless the LORD, O house of Aaron:
Psalms 136:8	The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 136:18	And slew famous kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 137:2	We hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof.
Psalms 138:3	In the day when I cried thou answeredst me, and strengthenedst me with strength in my soul.
Psalms 139:5	Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid thine hand upon me.
Psalms 139:15	My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth.
Psalms 140:1	Deliver me, O LORD, from the evil man: preserve me from the violent man;
Psalms 140:11	Let not an evil speaker be established in the earth: evil shall hunt the violent man to overthrow him.
Psalms 141:8	But mine eyes are unto thee, O GOD the Lord: in thee is my trust; leave not my soul destitute.
Psalms 143:1	Hear my prayer, O LORD, give ear to my supplications: in thy faithfulness answer me, and in thy righteousness.
Psalms 143:11	Quicken me, O LORD, for thy name's sake: for thy righteousness' sake bring my soul out of trouble.
Psalms 144:9	I will sing a new song unto thee, O God: upon a psaltery and an instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee.
Psalms 145:4	One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy mighty acts.
Psalms 145:14	The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down.
Psalms 146:3	Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help.
Psalms 147:3	He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds.
Psalms 147:13	For he hath strengthened the bars of thy gates; he hath blessed thy children within thee.
Psalms 148:3	Praise ye him, sun and moon: praise him, all ye stars of light.
Psalms 148:13	Let them praise the name of the LORD: for his name alone is excellent; his glory is above the earth and heaven.
Psalms 149:9	To execute upon them the judgment written: this honour have all his saints. Praise ye the LORD.
Proverbs 1:4	To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion.
Proverbs 1:14	Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse:
Proverbs 1:24	Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded;
Proverbs 2:1	My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee;
Proverbs 2:11	Discretion shall preserve thee, understanding shall keep thee:
Proverbs 2:21	For the upright shall dwell in the land, and the perfect shall remain in it.
Proverbs 3:9	Honour the LORD with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine increase:
Proverbs 3:19	The LORD by wisdom hath founded the earth; by understanding hath he established the heavens.
Proverbs 3:29	Devise not evil against thy neighbour, seeing he dwelleth securely by thee.
Proverbs 4:4	He taught me also, and said unto me, Let thine heart retain my words: keep my commandments, and live.
Proverbs 4:14	Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men.
Proverbs 4:24	Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee.
Proverbs 5:7	Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.
Proverbs 5:17	Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee.
Proverbs 6:4	Give not sleep to thine eyes, nor slumber to thine eyelids.
Proverbs 6:14	Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth discord.
Proverbs 6:24	To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman.
Proverbs 6:34	For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance.
Proverbs 7:9	In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:
Proverbs 7:19	For the goodman is not at home, he is gone a long journey:
Proverbs 8:2	She standeth in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths.
Proverbs 8:12	I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions.
Proverbs 8:22	The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.
Proverbs 8:32	Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways.
Proverbs 9:6	Forsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding.
Proverbs 9:16	Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: and as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,
Proverbs 10:8	The wise in heart will receive commandments: but a prating fool shall fall.
Proverbs 10:18	He that hideth hatred with lying lips, and he that uttereth a slander, is a fool.
Proverbs 10:28	The hope of the righteous shall be gladness: but the expectation of the wicked shall perish.
Proverbs 11:6	The righteousness of the upright shall deliver them: but transgressors shall be taken in their own naughtiness.
Proverbs 11:16	A gracious woman retaineth honour: and strong men retain riches.
Proverbs 11:26	He that withholdeth corn, the people shall curse him: but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it.
Proverbs 12:5	The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are deceit.
Proverbs 12:15	The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise.
Proverbs 12:25	Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad.
Proverbs 13:7	There is that maketh himself rich, yet hath nothing: there is that maketh himself poor, yet hath great riches.
Proverbs 13:17	A wicked messenger falleth into mischief: but a faithful ambassador is health.
Proverbs 14:2	He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD: but he that is perverse in his ways despiseth him.
Proverbs 14:12	There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
Proverbs 14:22	Do they not err that devise evil? but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good.
Proverbs 14:32	The wicked is driven away in his wickedness: but the righteous hath hope in his death.
Proverbs 15:7	The lips of the wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of the foolish doeth not so.
Proverbs 15:17	Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
Proverbs 15:27	He that is greedy of gain troubleth his own house; but he that hateth gifts shall live.
Proverbs 16:4	The LORD hath made all things for himself: yea, even the wicked for the day of evil.
Proverbs 16:14	The wrath of a king is as messengers of death: but a wise man will pacify it.
Proverbs 16:24	Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
Proverbs 17:1	Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an house full of sacrifices with strife.
Proverbs 17:11	An evil man seeketh only rebellion: therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him.
Proverbs 17:21	He that begetteth a fool doeth it to his sorrow: and the father of a fool hath no joy.
Proverbs 18:3	When the wicked cometh, then cometh also contempt, and with ignominy reproach.
Proverbs 18:13	He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him.
Proverbs 18:23	The poor useth intreaties; but the rich answereth roughly.
Proverbs 19:9	A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall perish.
Proverbs 19:19	A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again.
Proverbs 19:29	Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools.
Proverbs 20:10	Divers weights, and divers measures, both of them are alike abomination to the LORD.
Proverbs 20:20	Whoso curseth his father or his mother, his lamp shall be put out in obscure darkness.
Proverbs 20:30	The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly.
Proverbs 21:10	The soul of the wicked desireth evil: his neighbour findeth no favour in his eyes.
Proverbs 21:20	There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wise; but a foolish man spendeth it up.
Proverbs 21:30	There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD.
Proverbs 22:9	He that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed; for he giveth of his bread to the poor.
Proverbs 22:19	That thy trust may be in the LORD, I have made known to thee this day, even to thee.
Proverbs 22:29	Seest thou a man diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men.
Proverbs 23:10	Remove not the old landmark; and enter not into the fields of the fatherless:
Proverbs 23:20	Be not among winebibbers; among riotous eaters of flesh:
Proverbs 23:30	They that tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine.
Proverbs 24:5	A wise man is strong; yea, a man of knowledge increaseth strength.
Proverbs 24:15	Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling of the righteous; spoil not his resting place:
Proverbs 24:25	But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a good blessing shall come upon them.
Proverbs 25:1	These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out.
Proverbs 25:11	A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver.
Proverbs 25:21	If thine enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he be thirsty, give him water to drink:
Proverbs 26:3	A whip for the horse, a bridle for the ass, and a rod for the fool's back.
Proverbs 26:13	The slothful man saith, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets.
Proverbs 26:23	Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross.
Proverbs 27:5	Open rebuke is better than secret love.
Proverbs 27:15	A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike.
Proverbs 27:25	The hay appeareth, and the tender grass sheweth itself, and herbs of the mountains are gathered.
Proverbs 28:8	He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor.
Proverbs 28:18	Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once.
Proverbs 28:28	When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the righteous increase.
Proverbs 29:10	The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul.
Proverbs 29:20	Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool than of him.
Proverbs 30:3	I neither learned wisdom, nor have the knowledge of the holy.
Proverbs 30:13	There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up.
Proverbs 30:23	For an odious woman when she is married; and an handmaid that is heir to her mistress.
Proverbs 30:33	Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife.
Proverbs 31:10	Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
Proverbs 31:20	She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy.
Proverbs 31:30	Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Ecclesiastes 1:9	The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 2:1	I said in mine heart, Go to now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 2:11	Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labour that I had laboured to do: and, behold, all was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 2:21	For there is a man whose labour is in wisdom, and in knowledge, and in equity; yet to a man that hath not laboured therein shall he leave it for his portion. This also is vanity and a great evil.
Ecclesiastes 3:5	A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
Ecclesiastes 3:15	That which hath been is now; and that which is to be hath already been; and God requireth that which is past.
Ecclesiastes 4:3	Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 4:13	Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished.
Ecclesiastes 5:7	For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear thou God.
Ecclesiastes 5:17	All his days also he eateth in darkness, and he hath much sorrow and wrath with his sickness.
Ecclesiastes 6:7	All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled.
Ecclesiastes 7:5	It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools.
Ecclesiastes 7:15	All things have I seen in the days of my vanity: there is a just man that perisheth in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his life in his wickedness.
Ecclesiastes 7:25	I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and the reason of things, and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness:
Ecclesiastes 8:6	Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of man is great upon him.
Ecclesiastes 8:16	When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:)
Ecclesiastes 9:9	Live joyfully with the wife whom thou lovest all the days of the life of thy vanity, which he hath given thee under the sun, all the days of thy vanity: for that is thy portion in this life, and in thy labour which thou takest under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 10:1	Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour.
Ecclesiastes 10:11	Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better.
Ecclesiastes 11:1	Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days.
Ecclesiastes 12:1	Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them;
Ecclesiastes 12:11	The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd.
Song of Solomon 1:7	Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions?
Song of Solomon 1:17	The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.
Song of Solomon 2:10	My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Song of Solomon 3:3	The watchmen that go about the city found me: to whom I said, Saw ye him whom my soul loveth?
Song of Solomon 4:2	Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, which came up from the washing; whereof every one bear twins, and none is barren among them.
Song of Solomon 4:12	A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed.
Song of Solomon 5:6	I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.
Song of Solomon 5:16	His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem.
Song of Solomon 6:10	Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?
Song of Solomon 7:7	This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes.
Song of Solomon 8:4	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please.
Song of Solomon 8:14	Make haste, my beloved, and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices.
Isaiah 1:10	Hear the word of the LORD, ye rulers of Sodom; give ear unto the law of our God, ye people of Gomorrah.
Isaiah 1:20	But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.
Isaiah 1:30	For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a garden that hath no water.
Isaiah 2:9	And the mean man boweth down, and the great man humbleth himself: therefore forgive them not.
Isaiah 2:19	And they shall go into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of the earth, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth.
Isaiah 3:7	In that day shall he swear, saying, I will not be an healer; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing: make me not a ruler of the people.
Isaiah 3:17	Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD will discover their secret parts.
Isaiah 4:1	And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach.
Isaiah 5:5	And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trodden down:
Isaiah 5:15	And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:
Isaiah 5:25	Therefore is the anger of the LORD kindled against his people, and he hath stretched forth his hand against them, and hath smitten them: and the hills did tremble, and their carcases were torn in the midst of the streets. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Isaiah 6:5	Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 7:2	And it was told the house of David, saying, Syria is confederate with Ephraim. And his heart was moved, and the heart of his people, as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind.
Isaiah 7:12	But Ahaz said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the LORD.
Isaiah 7:22	And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land.
Isaiah 8:7	Now therefore, behold, the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river, strong and many, even the king of Assyria, and all his glory: and he shall come up over all his channels, and go over all his banks:
Isaiah 8:17	And I will wait upon the LORD, that hideth his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him.
Isaiah 9:5	For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire.
Isaiah 9:15	The ancient and honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the tail.
Isaiah 10:4	Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Isaiah 10:14	And my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the people: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped.
Isaiah 10:24	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, O my people that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee, after the manner of Egypt.
Isaiah 10:34	And he shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron, and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one.
Isaiah 11:10	And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people; to it shall the Gentiles seek: and his rest shall be glorious.
Isaiah 12:4	And in that day shall ye say, Praise the LORD, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted.
Isaiah 13:8	And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames.
Isaiah 13:18	Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children.
Isaiah 14:6	He who smote the people in wrath with a continual stroke, he that ruled the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none hindereth.
Isaiah 14:16	They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms;
Isaiah 14:26	This is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth: and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations.
Isaiah 15:4	And Heshbon shall cry, and Elealeh: their voice shall be heard even unto Jahaz: therefore the armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out; his life shall be grievous unto him.
Isaiah 16:5	And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting righteousness.
Isaiah 17:1	The burden of Damascus. Behold, Damascus is taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap.
Isaiah 17:11	In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow, and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish: but the harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow.
Isaiah 18:7	In that time shall the present be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled, and from a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the place of the name of the LORD of hosts, the mount Zion.
Isaiah 19:10	And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof, all that make sluices and ponds for fish.
Isaiah 19:20	And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto the LORD of hosts in the land of Egypt: for they shall cry unto the LORD because of the oppressors, and he shall send them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliver them.
Isaiah 20:5	And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation, and of Egypt their glory.
Isaiah 21:9	And, behold, here cometh a chariot of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he answered and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground.
Isaiah 22:2	Thou that art full of stirs, a tumultuous city, joyous city: thy slain men are not slain with the sword, nor dead in battle.
Isaiah 22:12	And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping, and to mourning, and to baldness, and to girding with sackcloth:
Isaiah 22:22	And the key of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open.
Isaiah 23:7	Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn.
Isaiah 23:17	And it shall come to pass after the end of seventy years, that the LORD will visit Tyre, and she shall turn to her hire, and shall commit fornication with all the kingdoms of the world upon the face of the earth.
Isaiah 24:9	They shall not drink wine with a song; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it.
Isaiah 24:19	The earth is utterly broken down, the earth is clean dissolved, the earth is moved exceedingly.
Isaiah 25:6	And in this mountain shall the LORD of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of fat things full of marrow, of wines on the lees well refined.
Isaiah 26:4	Trust ye in the LORD for ever: for in the LORD JEHOVAH is everlasting strength:
Isaiah 26:14	They are dead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall not rise: therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them, and made all their memory to perish.
Isaiah 27:3	I the LORD do keep it; I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day.
Isaiah 27:13	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the great trumpet shall be blown, and they shall come which were ready to perish in the land of Assyria, and the outcasts in the land of Egypt, and shall worship the LORD in the holy mount at Jerusalem.
Isaiah 28:10	For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:
Isaiah 28:20	For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it.
Isaiah 29:1	Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them kill sacrifices.
Isaiah 29:11	And the vision of all is become unto you as the words of a book that is sealed, which men deliver to one that is learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed:
Isaiah 29:21	That make a man an offender for a word, and lay a snare for him that reproveth in the gate, and turn aside the just for a thing of nought.
Isaiah 30:7	For the Egyptians shall help in vain, and to no purpose: therefore have I cried concerning this, Their strength is to sit still.
Isaiah 30:17	One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one; at the rebuke of five shall ye flee: till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a mountain, and as an ensign on an hill.
Isaiah 30:27	Behold, the name of the LORD cometh from far, burning with his anger, and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips are full of indignation, and his tongue as a devouring fire:
Isaiah 31:4	For thus hath the LORD spoken unto me, Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will not be afraid of their voice, nor abase himself for the noise of them: so shall the LORD of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion, and for the hill thereof.
Isaiah 32:5	The vile person shall be no more called liberal, nor the churl said to be bountiful.
Isaiah 32:15	Until the spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest.
Isaiah 33:5	The LORD is exalted; for he dwelleth on high: he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness.
Isaiah 33:15	He that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that despiseth the gain of oppressions, that shaketh his hands from holding of bribes, that stoppeth his ears from hearing of blood, and shutteth his eyes from seeing evil;
Isaiah 34:1	Come near, ye nations, to hear; and hearken, ye people: let the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world, and all things that come forth of it.
Isaiah 34:11	But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it; the owl also and the raven shall dwell in it: and he shall stretch out upon it the line of confusion, and the stones of emptiness.
Isaiah 35:4	Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompence; he will come and save you.
Isaiah 36:4	And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?
Isaiah 36:14	Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you.
Isaiah 37:2	And he sent Eliakim, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests covered with sackcloth, unto Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz.
Isaiah 37:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed, as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Telassar?
Isaiah 37:22	This is the word which the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin, the daughter of Zion, hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.
Isaiah 37:32	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this.
Isaiah 38:4	Then came the word of the LORD to Isaiah, saying,
Isaiah 38:14	Like a crane or a swallow, so did I chatter: I did mourn as a dove: mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, I am oppressed; undertake for me.
Isaiah 39:2	And Hezekiah was glad of them, and shewed them the house of his precious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the house of his armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed them not.
Isaiah 40:4	Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:
Isaiah 40:14	With whom took he counsel, and who instructed him, and taught him in the path of judgment, and taught him knowledge, and shewed to him the way of understanding?
Isaiah 40:24	Yea, they shall not be planted; yea, they shall not be sown: yea, their stock shall not take root in the earth: and he shall also blow upon them, and they shall wither, and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble.
Isaiah 41:3	He pursued them, and passed safely; even by the way that he had not gone with his feet.
Isaiah 41:13	For I the LORD thy God will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not; I will help thee.
Isaiah 41:23	Shew the things that are to come hereafter, that we may know that ye are gods: yea, do good, or do evil, that we may be dismayed, and behold it together.
Isaiah 42:4	He shall not fail nor be discouraged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isles shall wait for his law.
Isaiah 42:14	I have long time holden my peace; I have been still, and refrained myself: now will I cry like a travailing woman; I will destroy and devour at once.
Isaiah 42:24	Who gave Jacob for a spoil, and Israel to the robbers? did not the LORD, he against whom we have sinned? for they would not walk in his ways, neither were they obedient unto his law.
Isaiah 43:9	Let all the nations be gathered together, and let the people be assembled: who among them can declare this, and shew us former things? let them bring forth their witnesses, that they may be justified: or let them hear, and say, It is truth.
Isaiah 43:19	Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.
Isaiah 44:1	Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have chosen:
Isaiah 44:11	Behold, all his fellows shall be ashamed: and the workmen, they are of men: let them all be gathered together, let them stand up; yet they shall fear, and they shall be ashamed together.
Isaiah 44:21	Remember these, O Jacob and Israel; for thou art my servant: I have formed thee; thou art my servant: O Israel, thou shalt not be forgotten of me.
Isaiah 45:3	And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the LORD, which call thee by thy name, am the God of Israel.
Isaiah 45:13	I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his ways: he shall build my city, and he shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, saith the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 45:23	I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue shall swear.
Isaiah 46:8	Remember this, and shew yourselves men: bring it again to mind, O ye transgressors.
Isaiah 47:5	Sit thou silent, and get thee into darkness, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called, The lady of kingdoms.
Isaiah 47:15	Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured, even thy merchants, from thy youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save thee.
Isaiah 48:10	Behold, I have refined thee, but not with silver; I have chosen thee in the furnace of affliction.
Isaiah 48:20	Go ye forth of Babylon, flee ye from the Chaldeans, with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter it even to the end of the earth; say ye, The LORD hath redeemed his servant Jacob.
Isaiah 49:8	Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;
Isaiah 49:18	Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to thee. As I live, saith the LORD, thou shalt surely clothe thee with them all, as with an ornament, and bind them on thee, as a bride doeth.
Isaiah 50:2	Wherefore, when I came, was there no man? when I called, was there none to answer? Is my hand shortened at all, that it cannot redeem? or have I no power to deliver? behold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make the rivers a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no water, and dieth for thirst.
Isaiah 51:1	Hearken to me, ye that follow after righteousness, ye that seek the LORD: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged.
Isaiah 51:11	Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return, and come with singing unto Zion; and everlasting joy shall be upon their head: they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away.
Isaiah 51:21	Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, but not with wine:
Isaiah 52:8	Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the LORD shall bring again Zion.
Isaiah 53:3	He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.
Isaiah 54:1	Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with child: for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 54:11	O thou afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted, behold, I will lay thy stones with fair colours, and lay thy foundations with sapphires.
Isaiah 55:4	Behold, I have given him for a witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people.
Isaiah 56:1	Thus saith the LORD, Keep ye judgment, and do justice: for my salvation is near to come, and my righteousness to be revealed.
Isaiah 56:11	Yea, they are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter.
Isaiah 57:9	And thou wentest to the king with ointment, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst send thy messengers far off, and didst debase thyself even unto hell.
Isaiah 57:19	I create the fruit of the lips; Peace, peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near, saith the LORD; and I will heal him.
Isaiah 58:8	Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily: and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward.
Isaiah 59:4	None calleth for justice, nor any pleadeth for truth: they trust in vanity, and speak lies; they conceive mischief, and bring forth iniquity.
Isaiah 59:14	And judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off: for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter.
Isaiah 60:3	And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising.
Isaiah 60:13	The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary; and I will make the place of my feet glorious.
Isaiah 61:1	The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;
Isaiah 61:11	For as the earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations.
Isaiah 62:10	Go through, go through the gates; prepare ye the way of the people; cast up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift up a standard for the people.
Isaiah 63:8	For he said, Surely they are my people, children that will not lie: so he was their Saviour.
Isaiah 63:18	The people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while: our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary.
Isaiah 64:9	Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity for ever: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people.
Isaiah 65:7	Your iniquities, and the iniquities of your fathers together, saith the LORD, which have burned incense upon the mountains, and blasphemed me upon the hills: therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom.
Isaiah 65:17	For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.
Isaiah 66:2	For all those things hath mine hand made, and all those things have been, saith the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word.
Isaiah 66:12	For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will extend peace to her like a river, and the glory of the Gentiles like a flowing stream: then shall ye suck, ye shall be borne upon her sides, and be dandled upon her knees.
Isaiah 66:22	For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the LORD, so shall your seed and your name remain.
Jeremiah 1:8	Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with thee to deliver thee, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:18	For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land.
Jeremiah 2:9	Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with your children's children will I plead.
Jeremiah 2:19	Thine own wickedness shall correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, and that my fear is not in thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.
Jeremiah 2:29	Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye all have transgressed against me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 3:2	Lift up thine eyes unto the high places, and see where thou hast not been lien with. In the ways hast thou sat for them, as the Arabian in the wilderness; and thou hast polluted the land with thy whoredoms and with thy wickedness.
Jeremiah 3:12	Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou backsliding Israel, saith the LORD; and I will not cause mine anger to fall upon you: for I am merciful, saith the LORD, and I will not keep anger for ever.
Jeremiah 3:22	Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God.
Jeremiah 4:7	The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant.
Jeremiah 4:17	As keepers of a field, are they against her round about; because she hath been rebellious against me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 4:27	For thus hath the LORD said, The whole land shall be desolate; yet will I not make a full end.
Jeremiah 5:6	Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased.
Jeremiah 5:16	Their quiver is as an open sepulchre, they are all mighty men.
Jeremiah 5:26	For among my people are found wicked men: they lay wait, as he that setteth snares; they set a trap, they catch men.
Jeremiah 6:5	Arise, and let us go by night, and let us destroy her palaces.
Jeremiah 6:15	Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore they shall fall among them that fall: at the time that I visit them they shall be cast down, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 6:25	Go not forth into the field, nor walk by the way; for the sword of the enemy and fear is on every side.
Jeremiah 7:5	For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour;
Jeremiah 7:15	And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your brethren, even the whole seed of Ephraim.
Jeremiah 7:25	Since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt unto this day I have even sent unto you all my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them:
Jeremiah 8:1	At that time, saith the LORD, they shall bring out the bones of the kings of Judah, and the bones of his princes, and the bones of the priests, and the bones of the prophets, and the bones of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of their graves:
Jeremiah 8:11	For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.
Jeremiah 8:21	For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt; I am black; astonishment hath taken hold on me.
Jeremiah 9:9	Shall I not visit them for these things? saith the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Jeremiah 9:19	For a voice of wailing is heard out of Zion, How are we spoiled! we are greatly confounded, because we have forsaken the land, because our dwellings have cast us out.
Jeremiah 10:3	For the customs of the people are vain: for one cutteth a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe.
Jeremiah 10:13	When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens, and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.
Jeremiah 10:23	O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps.
Jeremiah 11:8	Yet they obeyed not, nor inclined their ear, but walked every one in the imagination of their evil heart: therefore I will bring upon them all the words of this covenant, which I commanded them to do: but they did them not.
Jeremiah 11:18	And the LORD hath given me knowledge of it, and I know it: then thou shewedst me their doings.
Jeremiah 12:5	If thou hast run with the footmen, and they have wearied thee, then how canst thou contend with horses? and if in the land of peace, wherein thou trustedst, they wearied thee, then how wilt thou do in the swelling of Jordan?
Jeremiah 12:15	And it shall come to pass, after that I have plucked them out I will return, and have compassion on them, and will bring them again, every man to his heritage, and every man to his land.
Jeremiah 13:8	Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Jeremiah 13:18	Say unto the king and to the queen, Humble yourselves, sit down: for your principalities shall come down, even the crown of your glory.
Jeremiah 14:1	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah concerning the dearth.
Jeremiah 14:11	Then said the LORD unto me, Pray not for this people for their good.
Jeremiah 14:21	Do not abhor us, for thy name's sake, do not disgrace the throne of thy glory: remember, break not thy covenant with us.
Jeremiah 15:9	She that hath borne seven languisheth: she hath given up the ghost; her sun is gone down while it was yet day: she hath been ashamed and confounded: and the residue of them will I deliver to the sword before their enemies, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 15:19	Therefore thus saith the LORD, If thou return, then will I bring thee again, and thou shalt stand before me: and if thou take forth the precious from the vile, thou shalt be as my mouth: let them return unto thee; but return not thou unto them.
Jeremiah 16:8	Thou shalt not also go into the house of feasting, to sit with them to eat and to drink.
Jeremiah 16:18	And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things.
Jeremiah 17:7	Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, and whose hope the LORD is.
Jeremiah 17:17	Be not a terror unto me: thou art my hope in the day of evil.
Jeremiah 17:27	But if ye will not hearken unto me to hallow the sabbath day, and not to bear a burden, even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched.
Jeremiah 18:10	If it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then I will repent of the good, wherewith I said I would benefit them.
Jeremiah 18:20	Shall evil be recompensed for good? for they have digged a pit for my soul. Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them, and to turn away thy wrath from them.
Jeremiah 19:7	And I will make void the counsel of Judah and Jerusalem in this place; and I will cause them to fall by the sword before their enemies, and by the hands of them that seek their lives: and their carcases will I give to be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.
Jeremiah 20:2	Then Pashur smote Jeremiah the prophet, and put him in the stocks that were in the high gate of Benjamin, which was by the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 20:12	But, O LORD of hosts, that triest the righteous, and seest the reins and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I opened my cause.
Jeremiah 21:4	Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands, wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon, and against the Chaldeans, which besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of this city.
Jeremiah 21:14	But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings, saith the LORD: and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof, and it shall devour all things round about it.
Jeremiah 22:10	Weep ye not for the dead, neither bemoan him: but weep sore for him that goeth away: for he shall return no more, nor see his native country.
Jeremiah 22:20	Go up to Lebanon, and cry; and lift up thy voice in Bashan, and cry from the passages: for all thy lovers are destroyed.
Jeremiah 22:30	Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man that shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper, sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in Judah.
Jeremiah 23:10	For the land is full of adulterers; for because of swearing the land mourneth; the pleasant places of the wilderness are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not right.
Jeremiah 23:20	The anger of the LORD shall not return, until he have executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it perfectly.
Jeremiah 23:30	Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that steal my words every one from his neighbour.
Jeremiah 23:40	And I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you, and a perpetual shame, which shall not be forgotten.
Jeremiah 24:10	And I will send the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, among them, till they be consumed from off the land that I gave unto them and to their fathers.
Jeremiah 25:10	Moreover I will take from them the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the candle.
Jeremiah 25:20	And all the mingled people, and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod,
Jeremiah 25:30	Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words, and say unto them, The LORD shall roar from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation; he shall give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth.
Jeremiah 26:2	Thus saith the LORD; Stand in the court of the LORD's house, and speak unto all the cities of Judah, which come to worship in the LORD's house, all the words that I command thee to speak unto them; diminish not a word:
Jeremiah 26:12	Then spake Jeremiah unto all the princes and to all the people, saying, The LORD sent me to prophesy against this house and against this city all the words that ye have heard.
Jeremiah 26:22	And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt.
Jeremiah 27:8	And it shall come to pass, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I punish, saith the LORD, with the sword, and with the famine, and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand.
Jeremiah 27:18	But if they be prophets, and if the word of the LORD be with them, let them now make intercession to the LORD of hosts, that the vessels which are left in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah, and at Jerusalem, go not to Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:6	Even the prophet Jeremiah said, Amen: the LORD do so: the LORD perform thy words which thou hast prophesied, to bring again the vessels of the LORD's house, and all that is carried away captive, from Babylon into this place.
Jeremiah 28:16	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will cast thee from off the face of the earth: this year thou shalt die, because thou hast taught rebellion against the LORD.
Jeremiah 29:9	For they prophesy falsely unto you in my name: I have not sent them, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 29:19	Because they have not hearkened to my words, saith the LORD, which I sent unto them by my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but ye would not hear, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 29:29	And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet.
Jeremiah 30:7	Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble, but he shall be saved out of it.
Jeremiah 30:17	For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the LORD; because they called thee an Outcast, saying, This is Zion, whom no man seeketh after.
Jeremiah 31:3	The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee.
Jeremiah 31:13	Then shall the virgin rejoice in the dance, both young men and old together: for I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow.
Jeremiah 31:23	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and in the cities thereof, when I shall bring again their captivity; The LORD bless thee, O habitation of justice, and mountain of holiness.
Jeremiah 31:33	But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.
Jeremiah 32:3	For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up, saying, Wherefore dost thou prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall take it;
Jeremiah 32:13	And I charged Baruch before them, saying,
Jeremiah 32:23	And they came in, and possessed it; but they obeyed not thy voice, neither walked in thy law; they have done nothing of all that thou commandedst them to do: therefore thou hast caused all this evil to come upon them:
Jeremiah 32:33	And they have turned unto me the back, and not the face: though I taught them, rising up early and teaching them, yet they have not hearkened to receive instruction.
Jeremiah 32:43	And fields shall be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 33:9	And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them: and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it.
Jeremiah 33:19	And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 34:3	And thou shalt not escape out of his hand, but shalt surely be taken, and delivered into his hand; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the king of Babylon, and he shall speak with thee mouth to mouth, and thou shalt go to Babylon.
Jeremiah 34:13	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; I made a covenant with your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondmen, saying,
Jeremiah 35:1	The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying,
Jeremiah 35:11	But it came to pass, when Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came up into the land, that we said, Come, and let us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans, and for fear of the army of the Syrians: so we dwell at Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 36:2	Take thee a roll of a book, and write therein all the words that I have spoken unto thee against Israel, and against Judah, and against all the nations, from the day I spake unto thee, from the days of Josiah, even unto this day.
Jeremiah 36:12	Then he went down into the king's house, into the scribe's chamber: and, lo, all the princes sat there, even Elishama the scribe, and Delaiah the son of Shemaiah, and Elnathan the son of Achbor, and Gemariah the son of Shaphan, and Zedekiah the son of Hananiah, and all the princes.
Jeremiah 36:22	Now the king sat in the winterhouse in the ninth month: and there was a fire on the hearth burning before him.
Jeremiah 36:32	Then took Jeremiah another roll, and gave it to Baruch the scribe, the son of Neriah; who wrote therein from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the book which Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in the fire: and there were added besides unto them many like words.
Jeremiah 37:10	For though ye had smitten the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you, and there remained but wounded men among them, yet should they rise up every man in his tent, and burn this city with fire.
Jeremiah 37:20	Therefore hear now, I pray thee, O my lord the king: let my supplication, I pray thee, be accepted before thee; that thou cause me not to return to the house of Jonathan the scribe, lest I die there.
Jeremiah 38:9	My lord the king, these men have done evil in all that they have done to Jeremiah the prophet, whom they have cast into the dungeon; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more bread in the city.
Jeremiah 38:19	And Zedekiah the king said unto Jeremiah, I am afraid of the Jews that are fallen to the Chaldeans, lest they deliver me into their hand, and they mock me.
Jeremiah 39:1	In the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the tenth month, came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem, and they besieged it.
Jeremiah 39:11	Now Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon gave charge concerning Jeremiah to Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, saying,
Jeremiah 40:3	Now the LORD hath brought it, and done according as he hath said: because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed his voice, therefore this thing is come upon you.
Jeremiah 40:13	Moreover Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were in the fields, came to Gedaliah to Mizpah,
Jeremiah 41:7	And it was so, when they came into the midst of the city, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah slew them, and cast them into the midst of the pit, he, and the men that were with him.
Jeremiah 41:17	And they departed, and dwelt in the habitation of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt,
Jeremiah 42:9	And said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto whom ye sent me to present your supplication before him;
Jeremiah 42:19	The LORD hath said concerning you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye not into Egypt: know certainly that I have admonished you this day.
Jeremiah 43:7	So they came into the land of Egypt: for they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: thus came they even to Tahpanhes.
Jeremiah 44:4	Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate.
Jeremiah 44:14	So that none of the remnant of Judah, which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall escape or remain, that they should return into the land of Judah, to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall escape.
Jeremiah 44:24	Moreover Jeremiah said unto all the people, and to all the women, Hear the word of the LORD, all Judah that are in the land of Egypt:
Jeremiah 45:4	Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LORD saith thus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land.
Jeremiah 46:9	Come up, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the shield; and the Lydians, that handle and bend the bow.
Jeremiah 46:19	O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity: for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant.
Jeremiah 47:1	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Philistines, before that Pharaoh smote Gaza.
Jeremiah 48:4	Moab is destroyed; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard.
Jeremiah 48:14	How say ye, We are mighty and strong men for the war?
Jeremiah 48:24	And upon Kerioth, and upon Bozrah, and upon all the cities of the land of Moab, far or near.
Jeremiah 48:34	From the cry of Heshbon even unto Elealeh, and even unto Jahaz, have they uttered their voice, from Zoar even unto Horonaim, as an heifer of three years old: for the waters also of Nimrim shall be desolate.
Jeremiah 48:44	He that fleeth from the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that getteth up out of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for I will bring upon it, even upon Moab, the year of their visitation, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:7	Concerning Edom, thus saith the LORD of hosts; Is wisdom no more in Teman? is counsel perished from the prudent? is their wisdom vanished?
Jeremiah 49:17	Also Edom shall be a desolation: every one that goeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss at all the plagues thereof.
Jeremiah 49:27	And I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus, and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad.
Jeremiah 49:37	For I will cause Elam to be dismayed before their enemies, and before them that seek their life: and I will bring evil upon them, even my fierce anger, saith the LORD; and I will send the sword after them, till I have consumed them:
Jeremiah 50:8	Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks.
Jeremiah 50:18	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his land, as I have punished the king of Assyria.
Jeremiah 50:28	The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of Babylon, to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God, the vengeance of his temple.
Jeremiah 50:38	A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the land of graven images, and they are mad upon their idols.
Jeremiah 51:2	And will send unto Babylon fanners, that shall fan her, and shall empty her land: for in the day of trouble they shall be against her round about.
Jeremiah 51:12	Set up the standard upon the walls of Babylon, make the watch strong, set up the watchmen, prepare the ambushes: for the LORD hath both devised and done that which he spake against the inhabitants of Babylon.
Jeremiah 51:22	With thee also will I break in pieces man and woman; and with thee will I break in pieces old and young; and with thee will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;
Jeremiah 51:32	And that the passages are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of war are affrighted.
Jeremiah 51:42	The sea is come up upon Babylon: she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof.
Jeremiah 51:52	Wherefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will do judgment upon her graven images: and through all her land the wounded shall groan.
Jeremiah 51:62	Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for ever.
Jeremiah 52:8	But the army of the Chaldeans pursued after the king, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho; and all his army was scattered from him.
Jeremiah 52:18	The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.
Jeremiah 52:28	This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:
Lamentations 1:4	The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitterness.
Lamentations 1:14	The yoke of my transgressions is bound by his hand: they are wreathed, and come up upon my neck: he hath made my strength to fall, the LORD hath delivered me into their hands, from whom I am not able to rise up.
Lamentations 2:2	The LORD hath swallowed up all the habitations of Jacob, and hath not pitied: he hath thrown down in his wrath the strong holds of the daughter of Judah; he hath brought them down to the ground: he hath polluted the kingdom and the princes thereof.
Lamentations 2:12	They say to their mothers, Where is corn and wine? when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' bosom.
Lamentations 2:22	Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed.
Lamentations 3:10	He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places.
Lamentations 3:20	My soul hath them still in remembrance, and is humbled in me.
Lamentations 3:30	He giveth his cheek to him that smiteth him: he is filled full with reproach.
Lamentations 3:40	Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the LORD.
Lamentations 3:50	Till the LORD look down, and behold from heaven.
Lamentations 3:60	Thou hast seen all their vengeance and all their imaginations against me.
Lamentations 4:4	The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst: the young children ask bread, and no man breaketh it unto them.
Lamentations 4:14	They have wandered as blind men in the streets, they have polluted themselves with blood, so that men could not touch their garments.
Lamentations 5:2	Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens.
Lamentations 5:12	Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honoured.
Lamentations 5:22	But thou hast utterly rejected us; thou art very wroth against us.
Ezekiel 1:10	As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle.
Ezekiel 1:20	Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spirit to go; and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
Ezekiel 2:2	And the spirit entered into me when he spake unto me, and set me upon my feet, that I heard him that spake unto me.
Ezekiel 3:2	So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll.
Ezekiel 3:12	Then the spirit took me up, and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing, saying, Blessed be the glory of the LORD from his place.
Ezekiel 3:22	And the hand of the LORD was there upon me; and he said unto me, Arise, go forth into the plain, and I will there talk with thee.
Ezekiel 4:5	For I have laid upon thee the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 4:15	Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith.
Ezekiel 5:8	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, am against thee, and will execute judgments in the midst of thee in the sight of the nations.
Ezekiel 6:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 6:11	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy foot, and say, Alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for they shall fall by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence.
Ezekiel 7:7	The morning is come unto thee, O thou that dwellest in the land: the time is come, the day of trouble is near, and not the sounding again of the mountains.
Ezekiel 7:17	All hands shall be feeble, and all knees shall be weak as water.
Ezekiel 7:27	The king shall mourn, and the prince shall be clothed with desolation, and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled: I will do unto them after their way, and according to their deserts will I judge them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 8:10	So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about.
Ezekiel 9:2	And, behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lieth toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand; and one man among them was clothed with linen, with a writer's inkhorn by his side: and they went in, and stood beside the brasen altar.
Ezekiel 10:1	Then I looked, and, behold, in the firmament that was above the head of the cherubims there appeared over them as it were a sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne.
Ezekiel 10:11	When they went, they went upon their four sides; they turned not as they went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went.
Ezekiel 10:21	Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings.
Ezekiel 11:9	And I will bring you out of the midst thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you.
Ezekiel 11:19	And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh:
Ezekiel 12:4	Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight, as stuff for removing: and thou shalt go forth at even in their sight, as they that go forth into captivity.
Ezekiel 12:14	And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to help him, and all his bands; and I will draw out the sword after them.
Ezekiel 12:24	For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering divination within the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 13:6	They have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, The LORD saith: and the LORD hath not sent them: and they have made others to hope that they would confirm the word.
Ezekiel 13:16	To wit, the prophets of Israel which prophesy concerning Jerusalem, and which see visions of peace for her, and there is no peace, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 14:3	Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face: should I be enquired of at all by them?
Ezekiel 14:13	Son of man, when the land sinneth against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out mine hand upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it:
Ezekiel 14:23	And they shall comfort you, when ye see their ways and their doings: and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 16:2	Son of man, cause Jerusalem to know her abominations,
Ezekiel 16:12	And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown upon thine head.
Ezekiel 16:22	And in all thine abominations and thy whoredoms thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, when thou wast naked and bare, and wast polluted in thy blood.
Ezekiel 16:32	But as a wife that committeth adultery, which taketh strangers instead of her husband!
Ezekiel 16:42	So will I make my fury toward thee to rest, and my jealousy shall depart from thee, and I will be quiet, and will be no more angry.
Ezekiel 16:52	Thou also, which hast judged thy sisters, bear thine own shame for thy sins that thou hast committed more abominable than they: they are more righteous than thou: yea, be thou confounded also, and bear thy shame, in that thou hast justified thy sisters.
Ezekiel 16:62	And I will establish my covenant with thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD:
Ezekiel 17:9	Say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Shall it prosper? shall he not pull up the roots thereof, and cut off the fruit thereof, that it wither? it shall wither in all the leaves of her spring, even without great power or many people to pluck it up by the roots thereof.
Ezekiel 17:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely mine oath that he hath despised, and my covenant that he hath broken, even it will I recompense upon his own head.
Ezekiel 18:5	But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,
Ezekiel 18:15	That hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, hath not defiled his neighbour's wife,
Ezekiel 18:25	Yet ye say, The way of the LORD is not equal. Hear now, O house of Israel; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal?
Ezekiel 19:3	And she brought up one of her whelps: it became a young lion, and it learned to catch the prey; it devoured men.
Ezekiel 19:13	And now she is planted in the wilderness, in a dry and thirsty ground.
Ezekiel 20:9	But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, among whom they were, in whose sight I made myself known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 20:19	I am the LORD your God; walk in my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them;
Ezekiel 20:29	Then I said unto them, What is the high place whereunto ye go? And the name whereof is called Bamah unto this day.
Ezekiel 20:39	As for you, O house of Israel, thus saith the Lord GOD; Go ye, serve ye every one his idols, and hereafter also, if ye will not hearken unto me: but pollute ye my holy name no more with your gifts, and with your idols.
Ezekiel 20:49	Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! they say of me, Doth he not speak parables?
Ezekiel 21:10	It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is furbished that it may glitter: should we then make mirth? it contemneth the rod of my son, as every tree.
Ezekiel 21:20	Appoint a way, that the sword may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced.
Ezekiel 21:30	Shall I cause it to return into his sheath? I will judge thee in the place where thou wast created, in the land of thy nativity.
Ezekiel 22:8	Thou hast despised mine holy things, and hast profaned my sabbaths.
Ezekiel 22:18	Son of man, the house of Israel is to me become dross: all they are brass, and tin, and iron, and lead, in the midst of the furnace; they are even the dross of silver.
Ezekiel 22:28	And her prophets have daubed them with untempered morter, seeing vanity, and divining lies unto them, saying, Thus saith the Lord GOD, when the LORD hath not spoken.
Ezekiel 23:7	Thus she committed her whoredoms with them, with all them that were the chosen men of Assyria, and with all on whom she doted: with all their idols she defiled herself.
Ezekiel 23:17	And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their whoredom, and she was polluted with them, and her mind was alienated from them.
Ezekiel 23:27	Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from thee, and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt: so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them, nor remember Egypt any more.
Ezekiel 23:37	That they have committed adultery, and blood is in their hands, and with their idols have they committed adultery, and have also caused their sons, whom they bare unto me, to pass for them through the fire, to devour them.
Ezekiel 23:47	And the company shall stone them with stones, and dispatch them with their swords; they shall slay their sons and their daughters, and burn up their houses with fire.
Ezekiel 24:8	That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance; I have set her blood upon the top of a rock, that it should not be covered.
Ezekiel 24:18	So I spake unto the people in the morning: and at even my wife died; and I did in the morning as I was commanded.
Ezekiel 25:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 25:11	And I will execute judgments upon Moab; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 26:4	And they shall destroy the walls of Tyrus, and break down her towers: I will also scrape her dust from her, and make her like the top of a rock.
Ezekiel 26:14	And I will make thee like the top of a rock: thou shalt be a place to spread nets upon; thou shalt be built no more: for I the LORD have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 27:3	And say unto Tyrus, O thou that art situate at the entry of the sea, which art a merchant of the people for many isles, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O Tyrus, thou hast said, I am of perfect beauty.
Ezekiel 27:13	Javan, Tubal, and Meshech, they were thy merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in thy market.
Ezekiel 27:23	Haran, and Canneh, and Eden, the merchants of Sheba, Asshur, and Chilmad, were thy merchants.
Ezekiel 27:33	When thy wares went forth out of the seas, thou filledst many people; thou didst enrich the kings of the earth with the multitude of thy riches and of thy merchandise.
Ezekiel 28:7	Behold, therefore I will bring strangers upon thee, the terrible of the nations: and they shall draw their swords against the beauty of thy wisdom, and they shall defile thy brightness.
Ezekiel 28:17	Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the ground, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee.
Ezekiel 29:1	In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 29:11	No foot of man shall pass through it, nor foot of beast shall pass through it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years.
Ezekiel 29:21	In that day will I cause the horn of the house of Israel to bud forth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 30:10	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also make the multitude of Egypt to cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon.
Ezekiel 30:20	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 31:4	The waters made him great, the deep set him up on high with her rivers running round about his plants, and sent her little rivers unto all the trees of the field.
Ezekiel 31:14	To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit.
Ezekiel 32:6	I will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest, even to the mountains; and the rivers shall be full of thee.
Ezekiel 32:16	This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for Egypt, and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 32:26	There is Meshech, Tubal, and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land of the living.
Ezekiel 33:4	Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head.
Ezekiel 33:14	Again, when I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right;
Ezekiel 33:24	Son of man, they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he inherited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inheritance.
Ezekiel 34:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 34:11	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, will both search my sheep, and seek them out.
Ezekiel 34:21	Because ye have thrust with side and with shoulder, and pushed all the diseased with your horns, till ye have scattered them abroad;
Ezekiel 34:31	And ye my flock, the flock of my pasture, are men, and I am your God, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 35:10	Because thou hast said, These two nations and these two countries shall be mine, and we will possess it; whereas the LORD was there:
Ezekiel 36:5	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen, and against all Idumea, which have appointed my land into their possession with the joy of all their heart, with despiteful minds, to cast it out for a prey.
Ezekiel 36:15	Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more, neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 36:25	Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean: from all your filthiness, and from all your idols, will I cleanse you.
Ezekiel 36:35	And they shall say, This land that was desolate is become like the garden of Eden; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced, and are inhabited.
Ezekiel 37:7	So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone.
Ezekiel 37:17	And join them one to another into one stick; and they shall become one in thine hand.
Ezekiel 37:27	My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
Ezekiel 38:9	Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to cover the land, thou, and all thy bands, and many people with thee.
Ezekiel 38:19	For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel;
Ezekiel 39:6	And I will send a fire on Magog, and among them that dwell carelessly in the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 39:16	And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they cleanse the land.
Ezekiel 39:26	After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid.
Ezekiel 40:7	And every little chamber was one reed long, and one reed broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and the threshold of the gate by the porch of the gate within was one reed.
Ezekiel 40:17	Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the pavement.
Ezekiel 40:27	And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 40:37	And the posts thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.
Ezekiel 40:47	So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house.
Ezekiel 41:8	I saw also the height of the house round about: the foundations of the side chambers were a full reed of six great cubits.
Ezekiel 41:18	And it was made with cherubims and palm trees, so that a palm tree was between a cherub and a cherub; and every cherub had two faces;
Ezekiel 42:2	Before the length of an hundred cubits was the north door, and the breadth was fifty cubits.
Ezekiel 42:12	And according to the doors of the chambers that were toward the south was a door in the head of the way, even the way directly before the wall toward the east, as one entereth into them.
Ezekiel 43:2	And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel came from the way of the east: and his voice was like a noise of many waters: and the earth shined with his glory.
Ezekiel 43:12	This is the law of the house; Upon the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy. Behold, this is the law of the house.
Ezekiel 43:22	And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering; and they shall cleanse the altar, as they did cleanse it with the bullock.
Ezekiel 44:5	And the LORD said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD, and all the laws thereof; and mark well the entering in of the house, with every going forth of the sanctuary.
Ezekiel 44:15	But the priests the Levites, the sons of Zadok, that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray from me, they shall come near to me to minister unto me, and they shall stand before me to offer unto me the fat and the blood, saith the Lord GOD:
Ezekiel 44:25	And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves: but for father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves.
Ezekiel 45:4	The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister unto the LORD: and it shall be a place for their houses, and an holy place for the sanctuary.
Ezekiel 45:14	Concerning the ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer:
Ezekiel 45:24	And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and an hin of oil for an ephah.
Ezekiel 46:9	But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that entereth by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it.
Ezekiel 46:19	After he brought me through the entry, which was at the side of the gate, into the holy chambers of the priests, which looked toward the north: and, behold, there was a place on the two sides westward.
Ezekiel 47:5	Afterward he measured a thousand; and it was a river that I could not pass over: for the waters were risen, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over.
Ezekiel 47:15	And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side, from the great sea, the way of Hethlon, as men go to Zedad;
Ezekiel 48:2	And by the border of Dan, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Asher.
Ezekiel 48:12	And this oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites.
Ezekiel 48:22	Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince.
Ezekiel 48:32	And at the east side four thousand and five hundred: and three gates; and one gate of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one gate of Dan.
Daniel 1:7	Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego.
Daniel 1:17	As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams.
Daniel 2:6	But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me the dream, and the interpretation thereof.
Daniel 2:16	Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king that he would give him time, and that he would shew the king the interpretation.
Daniel 2:26	The king answered and said to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, Art thou able to make known unto me the dream which I have seen, and the interpretation thereof?
Daniel 2:36	This is the dream; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king.
Daniel 2:46	Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him.
Daniel 3:7	Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
Daniel 3:17	If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king.
Daniel 3:27	And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them.
Daniel 4:7	Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers: and I told the dream before them; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof.
Daniel 4:17	This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over it the basest of men.
Daniel 4:27	Wherefore, O king, let my counsel be acceptable unto thee, and break off thy sins by righteousness, and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity.
Daniel 4:37	Now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and extol and honour the King of heaven, all whose works are truth, and his ways judgment: and those that walk in pride he is able to abase.
Daniel 5:10	Now the queen by reason of the words of the king and his lords came into the banquet house: and the queen spake and said, O king, live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee, nor let thy countenance be changed:
Daniel 5:20	But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him:
Daniel 5:30	In that night was Belshazzar the king of the Chaldeans slain.
Daniel 6:9	Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree.
Daniel 6:19	Then the king arose very early in the morning, and went in haste unto the den of lions.
Daniel 7:1	In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream, and told the sum of the matters.
Daniel 7:11	I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame.
Daniel 7:21	I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them;
Daniel 8:3	Then I lifted up mine eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a ram which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the other, and the higher came up last.
Daniel 8:13	Then I heard one saint speaking, and another saint said unto that certain saint which spake, How long shall be the vision concerning the daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot?
Daniel 8:23	And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up.
Daniel 9:6	Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the land.
Daniel 9:16	O LORD, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us.
Daniel 9:26	And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and unto the end of the war desolations are determined.
Daniel 10:9	Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground.
Daniel 10:19	And said, O man greatly beloved, fear not: peace be unto thee, be strong, yea, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was strengthened, and said, Let my lord speak; for thou hast strengthened me.
Daniel 11:8	And shall also carry captives into Egypt their gods, with their princes, and with their precious vessels of silver and of gold; and he shall continue more years than the king of the north.
Daniel 11:18	After this shall he turn his face unto the isles, and shall take many: but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn upon him.
Daniel 11:28	Then shall he return into his land with great riches; and his heart shall be against the holy covenant; and he shall do exploits, and return to his own land.
Daniel 11:38	But in his estate shall he honour the God of forces: and a god whom his fathers knew not shall he honour with gold, and silver, and with precious stones, and pleasant things.
Daniel 12:3	And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.
Daniel 12:13	But go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.
Hosea 1:10	Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea, which cannot be measured nor numbered; and it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people, there it shall be said unto them, Ye are the sons of the living God.
Hosea 2:9	Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness.
Hosea 2:19	And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies.
Hosea 4:1	Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of Israel: for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land.
Hosea 4:11	Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart.
Hosea 5:2	And the revolters are profound to make slaughter, though I have been a rebuker of them all.
Hosea 5:12	Therefore will I be unto Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness.
Hosea 6:7	But they like men have transgressed the covenant: there have they dealt treacherously against me.
Hosea 7:6	For they have made ready their heart like an oven, whiles they lie in wait: their baker sleepeth all the night; in the morning it burneth as a flaming fire.
Hosea 7:16	They return, but not to the most High: they are like a deceitful bow: their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their tongue: this shall be their derision in the land of Egypt.
Hosea 8:10	Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes.
Hosea 9:6	For, lo, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles.
Hosea 9:16	Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb.
Hosea 10:9	O Israel, thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them.
Hosea 11:4	I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them.
Hosea 12:2	The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to his doings will he recompense him.
Hosea 12:12	And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep.
Hosea 13:8	I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.
Hosea 14:2	Take with you words, and turn to the LORD: say unto him, Take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously: so will we render the calves of our lips.
Joel 1:3	Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation.
Joel 1:13	Gird yourselves, and lament, ye priests: howl, ye ministers of the altar: come, lie all night in sackcloth, ye ministers of my God: for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God.
Joel 2:3	A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them.
Joel 2:13	And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil.
Joel 2:23	Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.
Joel 3:1	For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem,
Joel 3:11	Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O LORD.
Joel 3:21	For I will cleanse their blood that I have not cleansed: for the LORD dwelleth in Zion.
Amos 1:10	But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof.
Amos 2:5	But I will send a fire upon Judah, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem.
Amos 2:15	Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself.
Amos 3:9	Publish in the palaces at Ashdod, and in the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble yourselves upon the mountains of Samaria, and behold the great tumults in the midst thereof, and the oppressed in the midst thereof.
Amos 4:4	Come to Bethel, and transgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years:
Amos 5:1	Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel.
Amos 5:11	Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor, and ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasant vineyards, but ye shall not drink wine of them.
Amos 5:21	I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies.
Amos 6:4	That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall;
Amos 6:14	But, behold, I will raise up against you a nation, O house of Israel, saith the LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness.
Amos 7:10	Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words.
Amos 8:3	And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence.
Amos 8:13	In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst.
Amos 9:9	For, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least grain fall upon the earth.
Obadiah 1:4	Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the LORD.
Obadiah 1:14	Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress.
Jonah 1:3	But Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD, and went down to Joppa; and he found a ship going to Tarshish: so he paid the fare thereof, and went down into it, to go with them unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD.
Jonah 1:13	Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous against them.
Jonah 2:6	I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God.
Jonah 3:6	For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes.
Jonah 4:6	And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd.
Micah 1:5	For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem?
Micah 1:15	Yet will I bring an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel.
Micah 2:9	The women of my people have ye cast out from their pleasant houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever.
Micah 3:6	Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down over the prophets, and the day shall be dark over them.
Micah 4:4	But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree; and none shall make them afraid: for the mouth of the LORD of hosts hath spoken it.
Micah 5:1	Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege against us: they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod upon the cheek.
Micah 5:11	And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy strong holds:
Micah 6:6	Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?
Micah 6:16	For the statutes of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels; that I should make thee a desolation, and the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people.
Micah 7:10	Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which said unto me, Where is the LORD thy God? mine eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets.
Micah 7:20	Thou wilt perform the truth to Jacob, and the mercy to Abraham, which thou hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of old.
Nahum 1:10	For while they be folden together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry.
Nahum 2:5	He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble in their walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be prepared.
Nahum 3:2	The noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the pransing horses, and of the jumping chariots.
Nahum 3:12	All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the firstripe figs: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mouth of the eater.
Habakkuk 1:3	Why dost thou shew me iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance? for spoiling and violence are before me: and there are that raise up strife and contention.
Habakkuk 1:13	Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and canst not look on iniquity: wherefore lookest thou upon them that deal treacherously, and holdest thy tongue when the wicked devoureth the man that is more righteous than he?
Habakkuk 2:6	Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his! how long? and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay!
Habakkuk 2:16	Thou art filled with shame for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup of the LORD's right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory.
Habakkuk 3:6	He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting.
Habakkuk 3:16	When I heard, my belly trembled; my lips quivered at the voice: rottenness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I might rest in the day of trouble: when he cometh up unto the people, he will invade them with his troops.
Zephaniah 1:7	Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests.
Zephaniah 1:17	And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung.
Zephaniah 2:9	Therefore as I live, saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Surely Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my people shall possess them.
Zephaniah 3:4	Her prophets are light and treacherous persons: her priests have polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law.
Zephaniah 3:14	Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusalem.
Haggai 1:4	Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?
Haggai 1:14	And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God,
Haggai 2:9	The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the LORD of hosts: and in this place will I give peace, saith the LORD of hosts.
Haggai 2:19	Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I bless you.
Zechariah 1:6	But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath he dealt with us.
Zechariah 1:16	Therefore thus saith the LORD; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem.
Zechariah 2:5	For I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her.
Zechariah 3:2	And the LORD said unto Satan, The LORD rebuke thee, O Satan; even the LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: is not this a brand plucked out of the fire?
Zechariah 4:2	And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl upon the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which are upon the top thereof:
Zechariah 4:12	And I answered again, and said unto him, What be these two olive branches which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves?
Zechariah 5:8	And he said, This is wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah; and he cast the weight of lead upon the mouth thereof.
Zechariah 6:7	And the bay went forth, and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So they walked to and fro through the earth.
Zechariah 7:2	When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the LORD,
Zechariah 7:12	Yea, they made their hearts as an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 8:8	And I will bring them, and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God, in truth and in righteousness.
Zechariah 8:18	And the word of the LORD of hosts came unto me, saying,
Zechariah 9:5	Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited.
Zechariah 9:15	The LORD of hosts shall defend them; and they shall devour, and subdue with sling stones; and they shall drink, and make a noise as through wine; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the altar.
Zechariah 10:8	I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased.
Zechariah 11:6	For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD: but, lo, I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour's hand, and into the hand of his king: and they shall smite the land, and out of their hand I will not deliver them.
Zechariah 11:16	For, lo, I will raise up a shepherd in the land, which shall not visit those that be cut off, neither shall seek the young one, nor heal that that is broken, nor feed that that standeth still: but he shall eat the flesh of the fat, and tear their claws in pieces.
Zechariah 12:9	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem.
Zechariah 13:5	But he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth.
Zechariah 14:6	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:
Zechariah 14:16	And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the feast of tabernacles.
Malachi 1:5	And your eyes shall see, and ye shall say, The LORD will be magnified from the border of Israel.
Malachi 2:1	And now, O ye priests, this commandment is for you.
Malachi 2:11	Judah hath dealt treacherously, and an abomination is committed in Israel and in Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god.
Malachi 3:4	Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the LORD, as in the days of old, and as in former years.
Malachi 3:14	Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?
Malachi 4:6	And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.
Matthew 1:10	And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;
Matthew 1:20	But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.
Matthew 2:5	And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet,
Matthew 2:15	And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.
Matthew 3:2	And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Matthew 3:12	Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.
Matthew 4:5	Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple,
Matthew 4:15	The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;
Matthew 4:25	And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee, and from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan.
Matthew 5:10	Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:20	For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:30	And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.
Matthew 5:40	And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also.
Matthew 6:2	Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
Matthew 6:12	And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
Matthew 6:22	The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light.
Matthew 6:32	(For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things.
Matthew 7:8	For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
Matthew 7:18	A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Matthew 7:28	And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine:
Matthew 8:9	For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.
Matthew 8:19	And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.
Matthew 8:29	And, behold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? art thou come hither to torment us before the time?
Matthew 9:5	For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk?
Matthew 9:15	And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast.
Matthew 9:25	But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.
Matthew 9:35	And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.
Matthew 10:7	And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Matthew 10:17	But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;
Matthew 10:27	What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops.
Matthew 10:37	He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.
Matthew 11:5	The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them.
Matthew 11:15	He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Matthew 11:25	At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.
Matthew 12:5	Or have ye not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?
Matthew 12:15	But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;
Matthew 12:25	And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:
Matthew 12:35	A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things.
Matthew 12:45	Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.
Matthew 13:5	Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth:
Matthew 13:15	For this people's heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.
Matthew 13:25	But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way.
Matthew 13:35	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world.
Matthew 13:45	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:
Matthew 13:55	Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?
Matthew 14:7	Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask.
Matthew 14:17	And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes.
Matthew 14:27	But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid.
Matthew 15:1	Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying,
Matthew 15:11	Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man.
Matthew 15:21	Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon.
Matthew 15:31	Insomuch that the multitude wondered, when they saw the dumb to speak, the maimed to be whole, the lame to walk, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel.
Matthew 16:2	He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red.
Matthew 16:12	Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.
Matthew 16:22	Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee.
Matthew 17:4	Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.
Matthew 17:14	And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying,
Matthew 17:24	And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?
Matthew 18:7	Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!
Matthew 18:17	And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican.
Matthew 18:27	Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt.
Matthew 19:2	And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there.
Matthew 19:12	For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.
Matthew 19:22	But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.
Matthew 20:2	And when he had agreed with the labourers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard.
Matthew 20:12	Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day.
Matthew 20:22	But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.
Matthew 20:32	And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will ye that I shall do unto you?
Matthew 21:8	And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way.
Matthew 21:18	Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered.
Matthew 21:28	But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard.
Matthew 21:38	But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance.
Matthew 22:2	The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son,
Matthew 22:12	And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.
Matthew 22:22	When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way.
Matthew 22:32	I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living.
Matthew 22:42	Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The son of David.
Matthew 23:6	And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues,
Matthew 23:16	Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!
Matthew 23:26	Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.
Matthew 23:36	Verily I say unto you, All these things shall come upon this generation.
Matthew 24:7	For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
Matthew 24:17	Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house:
Matthew 24:27	For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Matthew 24:37	But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Matthew 24:47	Verily I say unto you, That he shall make him ruler over all his goods.
Matthew 25:6	And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.
Matthew 25:16	Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents.
Matthew 25:26	His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:
Matthew 25:36	Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.
Matthew 25:46	And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.
Matthew 26:10	When Jesus understood it, he said unto them, Why trouble ye the woman? for she hath wrought a good work upon me.
Matthew 26:20	Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve.
Matthew 26:30	And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.
Matthew 26:40	And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?
Matthew 26:50	And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus and took him.
Matthew 26:60	But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the last came two false witnesses,
Matthew 26:70	But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest.
Matthew 27:5	And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself.
Matthew 27:15	Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would.
Matthew 27:25	Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children.
Matthew 27:35	And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots.
Matthew 27:45	Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour.
Matthew 27:55	And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:
Matthew 27:65	Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can.
Matthew 28:9	And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him.
Matthew 28:19	Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
Mark 1:9	And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan.
Mark 1:19	And when he had gone a little farther thence, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets.
Mark 1:29	And forthwith, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John.
Mark 1:39	And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and cast out devils.
Mark 2:4	And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.
Mark 2:14	And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom, and said unto him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him.
Mark 2:24	And the Pharisees said unto him, Behold, why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful?
Mark 3:6	And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him.
Mark 3:16	And Simon he surnamed Peter;
Mark 3:26	And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but hath an end.
Mark 4:1	And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the land.
Mark 4:11	And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:
Mark 4:21	And he said unto them, Is a candle brought to be put under a bushel, or under a bed? and not to be set on a candlestick?
Mark 4:31	It is like a grain of mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, is less than all the seeds that be in the earth:
Mark 4:41	And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?
Mark 5:10	And he besought him much that he would not send them away out of the country.
Mark 5:20	And he departed, and began to publish in Decapolis how great things Jesus had done for him: and all men did marvel.
Mark 5:30	And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?
Mark 5:40	And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.
Mark 6:7	And he called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;
Mark 6:17	For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold upon John, and bound him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife: for he had married her.
Mark 6:27	And immediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he went and beheaded him in the prison,
Mark 6:37	He answered and said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they say unto him, Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread, and give them to eat?
Mark 6:47	And when even was come, the ship was in the midst of the sea, and he alone on the land.
Mark 7:1	Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem.
Mark 7:11	But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; he shall be free.
Mark 7:21	For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,
Mark 7:31	And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis.
Mark 8:4	And his disciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness?
Mark 8:14	Now the disciples had forgotten to take bread, neither had they in the ship with them more than one loaf.
Mark 8:24	And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.
Mark 8:34	And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Mark 9:6	For he wist not what to say; for they were sore afraid.
Mark 9:16	And he asked the scribes, What question ye with them?
Mark 9:26	And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that many said, He is dead.
Mark 9:36	And he took a child, and set him in the midst of them: and when he had taken him in his arms, he said unto them,
Mark 9:46	Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
Mark 10:6	But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.
Mark 10:16	And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them.
Mark 10:26	And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved?
Mark 10:36	And he said unto them, What would ye that I should do for you?
Mark 10:46	And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.
Mark 11:4	And they went their way, and found the colt tied by the door without in a place where two ways met; and they loose him.
Mark 11:14	And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.
Mark 11:24	Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
Mark 12:1	And he began to speak unto them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and digged a place for the winefat, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country.
Mark 12:11	This was the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?
Mark 12:21	And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise.
Mark 12:31	And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these.
Mark 12:41	And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much.
Mark 13:7	And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the end shall not be yet.
Mark 13:17	But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!
Mark 13:27	And then shall he send his angels, and shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of heaven.
Mark 13:37	And what I say unto you I say unto all, Watch.
Mark 14:10	And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went unto the chief priests, to betray him unto them.
Mark 14:20	And he answered and said unto them, It is one of the twelve, that dippeth with me in the dish.
Mark 14:30	And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice.
Mark 14:40	And when he returned, he found them asleep again, (for their eyes were heavy,) neither wist they what to answer him.
Mark 14:50	And they all forsook him, and fled.
Mark 14:60	And the high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, saying, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?
Mark 14:70	And he denied it again. And a little after, they that stood by said again to Peter, Surely thou art one of them: for thou art a Galilaean, and thy speech agreeth thereto.
Mark 15:8	And the multitude crying aloud began to desire him to do as he had ever done unto them.
Mark 15:18	And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!
Mark 15:28	And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors.
Mark 15:38	And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom.
Mark 16:1	And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him.
Mark 16:11	And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not.
Luke 1:1	Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us,
Luke 1:11	And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense.
Luke 1:21	And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so long in the temple.
Luke 1:31	And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.
Luke 1:41	And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost:
Luke 1:51	He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts.
Luke 1:61	And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name.
Luke 1:71	That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;
Luke 2:1	And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed.
Luke 2:11	For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
Luke 2:21	And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.
Luke 2:31	Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people;
Luke 2:41	Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover.
Luke 2:51	And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart.
Luke 3:9	And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Luke 3:19	But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,
Luke 3:29	Which was the son of Jose, which was the son of Eliezer, which was the son of Jorim, which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi,
Luke 4:1	And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness,
Luke 4:11	And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Luke 4:21	And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.
Luke 4:31	And came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee, and taught them on the sabbath days.
Luke 4:41	And devils also came out of many, crying out, and saying, Thou art Christ the Son of God. And he rebuking them suffered them not to speak: for they knew that he was Christ.
Luke 5:7	And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.
Luke 5:17	And it came to pass on a certain day, as he was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them.
Luke 5:27	And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me.
Luke 5:37	And no man putteth new wine into old bottles; else the new wine will burst the bottles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish.
Luke 6:8	But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.
Luke 6:18	And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed.
Luke 6:28	Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.
Luke 6:38	Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.
Luke 6:48	He is like a man which built an house, and digged deep, and laid the foundation on a rock: and when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently upon that house, and could not shake it: for it was founded upon a rock.
Luke 7:9	When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.
Luke 7:19	And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?
Luke 7:29	And all the people that heard him, and the publicans, justified God, being baptized with the baptism of John.
Luke 7:39	Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that toucheth him: for she is a sinner.
Luke 7:49	And they that sat at meat with him began to say within themselves, Who is this that forgiveth sins also?
Luke 8:9	And his disciples asked him, saying, What might this parable be?
Luke 8:19	Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come at him for the press.
Luke 8:29	(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)
Luke 8:39	Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done unto thee. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him.
Luke 8:49	While he yet spake, there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue's house, saying to him, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master.
Luke 9:3	And he said unto them, Take nothing for your journey, neither staves, nor scrip, neither bread, neither money; neither have two coats apiece.
Luke 9:13	But he said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they said, We have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and buy meat for all this people.
Luke 9:23	And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.
Luke 9:33	And it came to pass, as they departed from him, Peter said unto Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias: not knowing what he said.
Luke 9:43	And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did, he said unto his disciples,
Luke 9:53	And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem.
Luke 10:1	After these things the LORD appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, whither he himself would come.
Luke 10:11	Even the very dust of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.
Luke 10:21	In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.
Luke 10:31	And by chance there came down a certain priest that way: and when he saw him, he passed by on the other side.
Luke 10:41	And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things:
Luke 11:9	And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
Luke 11:19	And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges.
Luke 11:29	And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.
Luke 11:39	And the Lord said unto him, Now do ye Pharisees make clean the outside of the cup and the platter; but your inward part is full of ravening and wickedness.
Luke 11:49	Therefore also said the wisdom of God, I will send them prophets and apostles, and some of them they shall slay and persecute:
Luke 12:5	But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him.
Luke 12:15	And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.
Luke 12:25	And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?
Luke 12:35	Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;
Luke 12:45	But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;
Luke 12:55	And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pass.
Luke 13:6	He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard; and he came and sought fruit thereon, and found none.
Luke 13:16	And ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan hath bound, lo, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day?
Luke 13:26	Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou hast taught in our streets.
Luke 14:1	And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.
Luke 14:11	For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Luke 14:21	So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.
Luke 14:31	Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth not down first, and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand?
Luke 15:6	And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost.
Luke 15:16	And he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave unto him.
Luke 15:26	And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant.
Luke 16:4	I am resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses.
Luke 16:14	And the Pharisees also, who were covetous, heard all these things: and they derided him.
Luke 16:24	And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.
Luke 17:3	Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.
Luke 17:13	And they lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.
Luke 17:23	And they shall say to you, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them.
Luke 17:33	Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it.
Luke 18:6	And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge saith.
Luke 18:16	But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Luke 18:26	And they that heard it said, Who then can be saved?
Luke 18:36	And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.
Luke 19:3	And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature.
Luke 19:13	And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come.
Luke 19:23	Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?
Luke 19:33	And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why loose ye the colt?
Luke 19:43	For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side,
Luke 20:5	And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then believed ye him not?
Luke 20:15	So they cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them?
Luke 20:25	And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's.
Luke 20:35	But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage:
Luke 20:45	Then in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples,
Luke 21:8	And he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore after them.
Luke 21:18	But there shall not an hair of your head perish.
Luke 21:28	And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.
Luke 21:38	And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple, for to hear him.
Luke 22:10	And he said unto them, Behold, when ye are entered into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he entereth in.
Luke 22:20	Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood, which is shed for you.
Luke 22:30	That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
Luke 22:40	And when he was at the place, he said unto them, Pray that ye enter not into temptation.
Luke 22:50	And one of them smote the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear.
Luke 22:60	And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest. And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew.
Luke 22:70	Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that I am.
Luke 23:9	Then he questioned with him in many words; but he answered him nothing.
Luke 23:19	(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison.)
Luke 23:29	For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck.
Luke 23:39	And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.
Luke 23:49	And all his acquaintance, and the women that followed him from Galilee, stood afar off, beholding these things.
Luke 24:3	And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.
Luke 24:13	And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.
Luke 24:23	And when they found not his body, they came, saying, that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive.
Luke 24:33	And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with them,
Luke 24:43	And he took it, and did eat before them.
Luke 24:53	And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen.
John 1:10	He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
John 1:20	And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.
John 1:30	This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me.
John 1:40	One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.
John 1:50	Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.
John 2:9	When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom,
John 2:19	Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.
John 3:4	Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?
John 3:14	And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:
John 3:24	For John was not yet cast into prison.
John 3:34	For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.
John 4:8	(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)
John 4:18	For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.
John 4:28	The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,
John 4:38	I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours.
John 4:48	Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe.
John 5:4	For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.
John 5:14	Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.
John 5:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.
John 5:34	But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved.
John 5:44	How can ye believe, which receive honour one of another, and seek not the honour that cometh from God only?
John 6:7	Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little.
John 6:17	And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them.
John 6:27	Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed.
John 6:37	All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.
John 6:47	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.
John 6:57	As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me.
John 6:67	Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?
John 7:6	Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready.
John 7:16	Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.
John 7:26	But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?
John 7:36	What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come?
John 7:46	The officers answered, Never man spake like this man.
John 8:3	And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst,
John 8:13	The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true.
John 8:23	And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.
John 8:33	They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?
John 8:43	Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word.
John 8:53	Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself?
John 9:4	I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.
John 9:14	And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.
John 9:24	Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.
John 9:34	They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.
John 10:3	To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out.
John 10:13	The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep.
John 10:23	And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch.
John 10:33	The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.
John 11:1	Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha.
John 11:11	These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.
John 11:21	Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.
John 11:31	The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there.
John 11:41	Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.
John 11:51	And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;
John 12:4	Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him,
John 12:14	And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,
John 12:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.
John 12:34	The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man?
John 12:44	Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me.
John 13:4	He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself.
John 13:14	If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet.
John 13:24	Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.
John 13:34	A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.
John 14:6	Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
John 14:16	And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;
John 14:26	But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 15:5	I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.
John 15:15	Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.
John 15:25	But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause.
John 16:8	And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:
John 16:18	They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.
John 16:28	I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.
John 17:5	And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was.
John 17:15	I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.
John 17:25	O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.
John 18:9	That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none.
John 18:19	The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine.
John 18:29	Pilate then went out unto them, and said, What accusation bring ye against this man?
John 18:39	But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?
John 19:9	And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer.
John 19:19	And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS.
John 19:29	Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth.
John 19:39	And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight.
John 20:7	And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself.
John 20:17	Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.
John 20:27	Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.
John 21:6	And he said unto them, Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and ye shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes.
John 21:16	He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep.
Acts 1:1	The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,
Acts 1:11	Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.
Acts 1:21	Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us,
Acts 2:5	And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven.
Acts 2:15	For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.
Acts 2:25	For David speaketh concerning him, I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved:
Acts 2:35	Until I make thy foes thy footstool.
Acts 2:45	And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.
Acts 3:8	And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.
Acts 3:18	But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled.
Acts 4:2	Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.
Acts 4:12	Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
Acts 4:22	For the man was above forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was shewed.
Acts 4:32	And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.
Acts 5:5	And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost: and great fear came on all them that heard these things.
Acts 5:15	Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.
Acts 5:25	Then came one and told them, saying, Behold, the men whom ye put in prison are standing in the temple, and teaching the people.
Acts 5:35	And said unto them, Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men.
Acts 6:3	Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.
Acts 6:13	And set up false witnesses, which said, This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place, and the law:
Acts 7:8	And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs.
Acts 7:18	Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph.
Acts 7:28	Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egyptian yesterday?
Acts 7:38	This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us:
Acts 7:48	Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands; as saith the prophet,
Acts 7:58	And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul.
Acts 8:8	And there was great joy in that city.
Acts 8:18	And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money,
Acts 8:28	Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.
Acts 8:38	And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.
Acts 9:8	And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
Acts 9:18	And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, and arose, and was baptized.
Acts 9:28	And he was with them coming in and going out at Jerusalem.
Acts 9:38	And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.
Acts 10:5	And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:
Acts 10:15	And the voice spake unto him again the second time, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.
Acts 10:25	And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.
Acts 10:35	But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him.
Acts 10:45	And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Acts 11:7	And I heard a voice saying unto me, Arise, Peter; slay and eat.
Acts 11:17	Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?
Acts 11:27	And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.
Acts 12:7	And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.
Acts 12:17	But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place.
Acts 13:2	As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.
Acts 13:12	Then the deputy, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord.
Acts 13:22	And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave their testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.
Acts 13:32	And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made unto the fathers,
Acts 13:42	And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath.
Acts 13:52	And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.
Acts 14:10	Said with a loud voice, Stand upright on thy feet. And he leaped and walked.
Acts 14:20	Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe.
Acts 15:2	When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question.
Acts 15:12	Then all the multitude kept silence, and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them.
Acts 15:22	Then pleased it the apostles and elders with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas and Silas, chief men among the brethren:
Acts 15:32	And Judas and Silas, being prophets also themselves, exhorted the brethren with many words, and confirmed them.
Acts 16:1	Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek:
Acts 16:11	Therefore loosing from Troas, we came with a straight course to Samothracia, and the next day to Neapolis;
Acts 16:21	And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans.
Acts 16:31	And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
Acts 17:1	Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:
Acts 17:11	These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.
Acts 17:21	(For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)
Acts 17:31	Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead.
Acts 18:7	And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue.
Acts 18:17	Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things.
Acts 18:27	And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:
Acts 19:9	But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus.
Acts 19:19	Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.
Acts 19:29	And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre.
Acts 19:39	But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly.
Acts 20:8	And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together.
Acts 20:18	And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons,
Acts 20:28	Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.
Acts 20:38	Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him unto the ship.
Acts 21:10	And as we tarried there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus.
Acts 21:20	And when they heard it, they glorified the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe; and they are all zealous of the law:
Acts 21:30	And all the city was moved, and the people ran together: and they took Paul, and drew him out of the temple: and forthwith the doors were shut.
Acts 21:40	And when he had given him licence, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand unto the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying,
Acts 22:10	And I said, What shall I do, LORD? And the Lord said unto me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.
Acts 22:20	And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him.
Acts 22:30	On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.
Acts 23:10	And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle.
Acts 23:20	And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would enquire somewhat of him more perfectly.
Acts 23:30	And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what they had against him. Farewell.
Acts 24:5	For we have found this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes:
Acts 24:15	And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.
Acts 24:25	And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee.
Acts 25:8	While he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at all.
Acts 25:18	Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed:
Acts 26:1	Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Thou art permitted to speak for thyself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself:
Acts 26:11	And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities.
Acts 26:21	For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me.
Acts 26:31	And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds.
Acts 27:9	Now when much time was spent, and when sailing was now dangerous, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonished them,
Acts 27:19	And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship.
Acts 27:29	Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.
Acts 27:39	And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship.
Acts 28:5	And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.
Acts 28:15	And from thence, when the brethren heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage.
Acts 28:25	And when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had spoken one word, Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers,
Romans 1:4	And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:
Romans 1:14	I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.
Romans 1:24	Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
Romans 2:2	But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.
Romans 2:12	For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
Romans 2:22	Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?
Romans 3:3	For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?
Romans 3:13	Their throat is an open sepulchre; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips:
Romans 3:23	For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
Romans 4:2	For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory; but not before God.
Romans 4:12	And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had being yet uncircumcised.
Romans 4:22	And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.
Romans 5:7	For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.
Romans 5:17	For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
Romans 6:6	Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.
Romans 6:16	Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?
Romans 7:3	So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.
Romans 7:13	Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.
Romans 7:23	But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.
Romans 8:8	So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.
Romans 8:18	For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
Romans 8:28	And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Romans 8:38	For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
Romans 9:9	For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sarah shall have a son.
Romans 9:19	Thou wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who hath resisted his will?
Romans 9:29	And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha.
Romans 10:6	But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:)
Romans 10:16	But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report?
Romans 11:5	Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Romans 11:15	For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?
Romans 11:25	For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.
Romans 11:35	Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?
Romans 12:9	Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.
Romans 12:19	Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.
Romans 13:8	Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.
Romans 14:4	Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand.
Romans 14:14	I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that there is nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him it is unclean.
Romans 15:1	We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves.
Romans 15:11	And again, Praise the Lord, all ye Gentiles; and laud him, all ye people.
Romans 15:21	But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand.
Romans 15:31	That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints;
Romans 16:8	Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord.
Romans 16:18	For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.
1 Corinthians 1:1	Paul called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother,
1 Corinthians 1:11	For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.
1 Corinthians 1:21	For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.
1 Corinthians 1:31	That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 2:10	But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.
1 Corinthians 3:4	For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal?
1 Corinthians 3:14	If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.
1 Corinthians 4:1	Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God.
1 Corinthians 4:11	Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwellingplace;
1 Corinthians 4:21	What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?
1 Corinthians 5:10	Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world.
1 Corinthians 6:7	Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?
1 Corinthians 6:17	But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.
1 Corinthians 7:7	For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.
1 Corinthians 7:17	But as God hath distributed to every man, as the Lord hath called every one, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches.
1 Corinthians 7:27	Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a wife? seek not a wife.
1 Corinthians 7:37	Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart, having no necessity, but hath power over his own will, and hath so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, doeth well.
1 Corinthians 8:7	Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled.
1 Corinthians 9:4	Have we not power to eat and to drink?
1 Corinthians 9:14	Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel.
1 Corinthians 9:24	Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.
1 Corinthians 10:7	Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.
1 Corinthians 10:17	For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread.
1 Corinthians 10:27	If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to go; whatsoever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake.
1 Corinthians 11:4	Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonoureth his head.
1 Corinthians 11:14	Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him?
1 Corinthians 11:24	And when he had given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me.
1 Corinthians 11:34	And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that ye come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come.
1 Corinthians 12:10	To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:
1 Corinthians 12:20	But now are they many members, yet but one body.
1 Corinthians 12:30	Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?
1 Corinthians 13:9	For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.
1 Corinthians 14:6	Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine?
1 Corinthians 14:16	Else when thou shalt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest?
1 Corinthians 14:26	How is it then, brethren? when ye come together, every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying.
1 Corinthians 14:36	What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?
1 Corinthians 15:6	After that, he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep.
1 Corinthians 15:16	For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:
1 Corinthians 15:26	The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
1 Corinthians 15:36	Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened, except it die:
1 Corinthians 15:46	Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual.
1 Corinthians 15:56	The sting of death is sin; and the strength of sin is the law.
1 Corinthians 16:8	But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost.
1 Corinthians 16:18	For they have refreshed my spirit and your's: therefore acknowledge ye them that are such.
2 Corinthians 1:4	Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God.
2 Corinthians 1:14	As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are our's in the day of the Lord Jesus.
2 Corinthians 1:24	Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand.
2 Corinthians 2:10	To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;
2 Corinthians 3:3	Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart.
2 Corinthians 3:13	And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished:
2 Corinthians 4:5	For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.
2 Corinthians 4:15	For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God.
2 Corinthians 5:7	(For we walk by faith, not by sight:)
2 Corinthians 5:17	Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
2 Corinthians 6:6	By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,
2 Corinthians 6:16	And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
2 Corinthians 7:8	For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.
2 Corinthians 8:2	How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality.
2 Corinthians 8:12	For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.
2 Corinthians 8:22	And we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the great confidence which I have in you.
2 Corinthians 9:8	And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:
2 Corinthians 10:3	For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:
2 Corinthians 10:13	But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even unto you.
2 Corinthians 11:5	For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles.
2 Corinthians 11:15	Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.
2 Corinthians 11:25	Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep;
2 Corinthians 12:2	I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.
2 Corinthians 12:12	Truly the signs of an apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds.
2 Corinthians 13:1	This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.
2 Corinthians 13:11	Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you.
Galatians 1:7	Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ.
Galatians 1:17	Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus.
Galatians 2:3	But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:
Galatians 2:13	And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.
Galatians 3:2	This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?
Galatians 3:12	And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them.
Galatians 3:22	But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe.
Galatians 4:3	Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:
Galatians 4:13	Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first.
Galatians 4:23	But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.
Galatians 5:2	Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing.
Galatians 5:12	I would they were even cut off which trouble you.
Galatians 5:22	But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,
Galatians 6:6	Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things.
Galatians 6:16	And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God.
Ephesians 1:8	Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;
Ephesians 1:18	The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints,
Ephesians 2:5	Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
Ephesians 2:15	Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace;
Ephesians 3:3	How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words,
Ephesians 3:13	Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory.
Ephesians 4:2	With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;
Ephesians 4:12	For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:
Ephesians 4:22	That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;
Ephesians 4:32	And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.
Ephesians 5:10	Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.
Ephesians 5:20	Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Ephesians 5:30	For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.
Ephesians 6:7	With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:
Ephesians 6:17	And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
Philippians 1:3	I thank my God upon every remembrance of you,
Philippians 1:13	So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;
Philippians 1:23	For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:
Philippians 2:3	Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.
Philippians 2:13	For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.
Philippians 2:23	Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.
Philippians 3:3	For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.
Philippians 3:13	Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,
Philippians 4:2	I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord.
Philippians 4:12	I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need.
Philippians 4:22	All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar's household.
Colossians 1:9	For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;
Colossians 1:19	For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;
Colossians 1:29	Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.
Colossians 2:10	And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:
Colossians 2:20	Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances,
Colossians 3:7	In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.
Colossians 3:17	And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.
Colossians 4:2	Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;
Colossians 4:12	Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God.
1 Thessalonians 1:4	Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God.
1 Thessalonians 2:4	But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts.
1 Thessalonians 2:14	For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:
1 Thessalonians 3:4	For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know.
1 Thessalonians 4:1	Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more.
1 Thessalonians 4:11	And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you;
1 Thessalonians 5:3	For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.
1 Thessalonians 5:13	And to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. And be at peace among yourselves.
1 Thessalonians 5:23	And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 1:5	Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer:
2 Thessalonians 2:3	Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;
2 Thessalonians 2:13	But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth:
2 Thessalonians 3:6	Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us.
2 Thessalonians 3:16	Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all.
1 Timothy 1:8	But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;
1 Timothy 1:18	This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;
1 Timothy 2:8	I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.
1 Timothy 3:3	Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;
1 Timothy 3:13	For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 4:7	But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness.
1 Timothy 5:1	Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren;
1 Timothy 5:11	But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;
1 Timothy 5:21	I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou observe these things without preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality.
1 Timothy 6:6	But godliness with contentment is great gain.
1 Timothy 6:16	Who only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen.
2 Timothy 1:5	When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also.
2 Timothy 1:15	This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.
2 Timothy 2:7	Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding in all things.
2 Timothy 2:17	And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;
2 Timothy 3:1	This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.
2 Timothy 3:11	Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.
2 Timothy 4:4	And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.
2 Timothy 4:14	Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works:
Titus 1:2	In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;
Titus 1:12	One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies.
Titus 2:6	Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.
Titus 3:1	Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,
Titus 3:11	Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself.
Philemon 1:6	That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
Philemon 1:16	Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?
Hebrews 1:1	God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,
Hebrews 1:11	They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;
Hebrews 2:7	Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:
Hebrews 2:17	Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people.
Hebrews 3:9	When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years.
Hebrews 3:19	So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief.
Hebrews 4:10	For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his.
Hebrews 5:4	And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron.
Hebrews 5:14	But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.
Hebrews 6:10	For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister.
Hebrews 6:20	Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Hebrews 7:10	For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him.
Hebrews 7:20	And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest:
Hebrews 8:2	A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.
Hebrews 8:12	For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.
Hebrews 9:9	Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the conscience;
Hebrews 9:19	For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with water, and scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and all the people,
Hebrews 10:1	For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.
Hebrews 10:11	And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins:
Hebrews 10:21	And having an high priest over the house of God;
Hebrews 10:31	It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.
Hebrews 11:2	For by it the elders obtained a good report.
Hebrews 11:12	Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable.
Hebrews 11:22	By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.
Hebrews 11:32	And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets:
Hebrews 12:2	Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.
Hebrews 12:12	Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees;
Hebrews 12:22	But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,
Hebrews 13:3	Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them; and them which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.
Hebrews 13:13	Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach.
Hebrews 13:23	Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you.
James 1:8	A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
James 1:18	Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures.
James 2:1	My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.
James 2:11	For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law.
James 2:21	Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar?
James 3:5	Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!
James 3:15	This wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish.
James 4:7	Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
James 4:17	Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.
James 5:10	Take, my brethren, the prophets, who have spoken in the name of the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience.
James 5:20	Let him know, that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins.
1 Peter 1:10	Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:
1 Peter 1:20	Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you,
1 Peter 2:5	Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.
1 Peter 2:15	For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:
1 Peter 2:25	For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.
1 Peter 3:10	For he that will love life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile:
1 Peter 3:20	Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water.
1 Peter 4:8	And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.
1 Peter 4:18	And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?
1 Peter 5:9	Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.
2 Peter 1:5	And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;
2 Peter 1:15	Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.
2 Peter 2:4	For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;
2 Peter 2:14	Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed children:
2 Peter 3:2	That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour:
2 Peter 3:12	Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat?
1 John 1:4	And these things write we unto you, that your joy may be full.
1 John 2:4	He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.
1 John 2:14	I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.
1 John 2:24	Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.
1 John 3:5	And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin.
1 John 3:15	Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.
1 John 4:1	Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
1 John 4:11	Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.
1 John 4:21	And this commandment have we from him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.
1 John 5:10	He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.
1 John 5:20	And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.
2 John 1:9	Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son.
3 John 1:6	Which have borne witness of thy charity before the church: whom if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, thou shalt do well:
Jude 1:2	Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.
Jude 1:12	These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;
Jude 1:22	And of some have compassion, making a difference:
Revelation 1:7	Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.
Revelation 1:17	And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:
Revelation 2:7	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God.
Revelation 2:17	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it.
Revelation 2:27	And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.
Revelation 3:8	I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.
Revelation 3:18	I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see.
Revelation 4:6	And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind.
Revelation 5:5	And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.
Revelation 6:1	And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.
Revelation 6:11	And white robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellowservants also and their brethren, that should be killed as they were, should be fulfilled.
Revelation 7:4	And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel.
Revelation 7:14	And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.
Revelation 8:7	The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up.
Revelation 9:4	And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.
Revelation 9:14	Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates.
Revelation 10:3	And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.
Revelation 11:2	But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty and two months.
Revelation 11:12	And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.
Revelation 12:3	And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.
Revelation 12:13	And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child.
Revelation 13:6	And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.
Revelation 13:16	And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
Revelation 14:8	And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.
Revelation 14:18	And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.
Revelation 15:8	And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled.
Revelation 16:10	And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain,
Revelation 16:20	And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.
Revelation 17:9	And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.
Revelation 18:1	And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.
Revelation 18:11	And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:
Revelation 18:21	And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.
Revelation 19:7	Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.
Revelation 19:17	And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;
Revelation 20:6	Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
Revelation 21:1	And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
Revelation 21:11	Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
Revelation 21:21	And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
Revelation 22:4	And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads.
Revelation 22:14	Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
