Genesis 1:9	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.
Genesis 1:19	And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
Genesis 1:29	And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
Genesis 2:8	And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
Genesis 2:18	And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
Genesis 3:3	But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.
Genesis 3:13	And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.
Genesis 3:23	Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken.
Genesis 4:9	And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?
Genesis 4:19	And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
Genesis 5:3	And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth:
Genesis 5:13	And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:23	And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years:
Genesis 6:1	And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them,
Genesis 6:11	The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence.
Genesis 6:21	And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them.
Genesis 7:9	There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah.
Genesis 7:19	And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.
Genesis 8:5	And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen.
Genesis 8:15	And God spake unto Noah, saying,
Genesis 9:3	Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.
Genesis 9:13	I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
Genesis 9:23	And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.
Genesis 10:4	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
Genesis 10:14	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.
Genesis 10:24	And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.
Genesis 11:2	And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.
Genesis 11:12	And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:
Genesis 11:22	And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor:
Genesis 11:32	And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran.
Genesis 12:10	And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land.
Genesis 12:20	And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.
Genesis 13:10	And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zoar.
Genesis 14:2	That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar.
Genesis 14:12	And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed.
Genesis 14:22	And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth,
Genesis 15:8	And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?
Genesis 15:18	In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:
Genesis 16:7	And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur.
Genesis 17:1	And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect.
Genesis 17:11	And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you.
Genesis 17:21	But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.
Genesis 18:4	Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree:
Genesis 18:14	Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return unto thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.
Genesis 18:24	Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein?
Genesis 19:1	And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground;
Genesis 19:11	And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door.
Genesis 19:21	And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken.
Genesis 19:31	And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth:
Genesis 20:3	But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, for the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife.
Genesis 20:13	And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt show unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother.
Genesis 21:5	And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him.
Genesis 21:15	And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs.
Genesis 21:25	And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away.
Genesis 22:1	And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.
Genesis 22:11	And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I.
Genesis 22:21	Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram,
Genesis 23:7	And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth.
Genesis 23:17	And the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure
Genesis 24:7	The LORD God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, and which spake unto me, and that sware unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land; he shall send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence.
Genesis 24:17	And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy pitcher.
Genesis 24:27	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master's brethren.
Genesis 24:37	And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell:
Genesis 24:47	And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, the daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him: and I put the earring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands.
Genesis 24:57	And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth.
Genesis 24:67	And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.
Genesis 25:10	The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.
Genesis 25:20	And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian.
Genesis 25:30	And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.
Genesis 26:6	And Isaac dwelt in Gerar:
Genesis 26:16	And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we.
Genesis 26:26	Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.
Genesis 27:1	And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his eldest son, and said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold, here am I.
Genesis 27:11	And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man:
Genesis 27:21	And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not.
Genesis 27:31	And he also had made savory meat, and brought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me.
Genesis 27:41	And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob.
Genesis 28:5	And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padanaram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother.
Genesis 28:15	And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of.
Genesis 29:3	And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in his place.
Genesis 29:13	And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.
Genesis 29:23	And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her.
Genesis 29:33	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon.
Genesis 30:8	And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.
Genesis 30:18	And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar.
Genesis 30:28	And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it.
Genesis 30:38	And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink.
Genesis 31:5	And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with me.
Genesis 31:15	Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath quite devoured also our money.
Genesis 31:25	Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brethren pitched in the mount of Gilead.
Genesis 31:35	And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the custom of women is upon me. And he searched but found not the images.
Genesis 31:45	And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar.
Genesis 31:55	And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto his place.
Genesis 32:10	I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast showed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands.
Genesis 32:20	And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.
Genesis 32:30	And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.
Genesis 33:8	And he said, What meanest thou by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find grace in the sight of my lord.
Genesis 33:18	And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city.
Genesis 34:8	And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.
Genesis 34:18	And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son.
Genesis 34:28	They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field,
Genesis 35:7	And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother.
Genesis 35:17	And it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also.
Genesis 35:27	And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of Arba, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.
Genesis 36:8	Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom.
Genesis 36:18	And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:28	The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.
Genesis 36:38	And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
Genesis 37:5	And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more.
Genesis 37:15	And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou?
Genesis 37:25	And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmaelites came from Gilead with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt.
Genesis 37:35	And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him.
Genesis 38:9	And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother.
Genesis 38:19	And she arose, and went away, and laid by her vail from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood.
Genesis 38:29	And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon thee: therefore his name was called Pharez.
Genesis 39:9	There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?
Genesis 39:19	And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.
Genesis 40:6	And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and looked upon them, and, behold, they were sad.
Genesis 40:16	When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head:
Genesis 41:3	And, behold, seven other kine came up after them out of the river, ill favored and leanfleshed; and stood by the other kine upon the brink of the river.
Genesis 41:13	And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged.
Genesis 41:23	And, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them:
Genesis 41:33	Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:43	And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:53	And the seven years of plenteousness, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended.
Genesis 42:6	And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth.
Genesis 42:16	Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies.
Genesis 42:26	And they laded their asses with the corn, and departed thence.
Genesis 42:36	And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me.
Genesis 43:8	And Judah said unto Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones.
Genesis 43:18	And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses.
Genesis 43:28	And they answered, Thy servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance.
Genesis 44:4	And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good?
Genesis 44:14	And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; for he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground.
Genesis 44:24	And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord.
Genesis 44:34	For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father.
Genesis 45:10	And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast:
Genesis 45:20	Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours.
Genesis 46:2	And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I.
Genesis 46:12	And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.
Genesis 46:22	These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen.
Genesis 46:32	And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.
Genesis 47:8	And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How old art thou?
Genesis 47:18	When that year was ended, they came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide it from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands:
Genesis 47:28	And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years.
Genesis 48:7	And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem.
Genesis 48:17	And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head.
Genesis 49:5	Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations.
Genesis 49:15	And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto tribute.
Genesis 49:25	Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb:
Genesis 50:2	And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.
Genesis 50:12	And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them:
Genesis 50:22	And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years.
Exodus 1:6	And Joseph died, and all his brethren, and all that generation.
Exodus 1:16	And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.
Exodus 2:4	And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.
Exodus 2:14	And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known.
Exodus 2:24	And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob.
Exodus 3:9	Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them.
Exodus 3:19	And I am sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go, no, not by a mighty hand.
Exodus 4:7	And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh.
Exodus 4:17	And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs.
Exodus 4:27	And the LORD said to Aaron, Go into the wilderness to meet Moses. And he went, and met him in the mount of God, and kissed him.
Exodus 5:6	And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people, and their officers, saying,
Exodus 5:16	There is no straw given unto thy servants, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine own people.
Exodus 6:3	And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them.
Exodus 6:13	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, and gave them a charge unto the children of Israel, and unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 6:23	And Aaron took him Elisheba, daughter of Amminadab, sister of Naashon, to wife; and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Exodus 7:3	And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 7:13	And he hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.
Exodus 7:23	And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also.
Exodus 8:8	Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Entreat the LORD, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD.
Exodus 8:18	And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice, but they could not: so there were lice upon man, and upon beast.
Exodus 8:28	And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: entreat for me.
Exodus 9:6	And the LORD did that thing on the morrow, and all the cattle of Egypt died: but of the cattle of the children of Israel died not one.
Exodus 9:16	And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to show in thee my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth.
Exodus 9:26	Only in the land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were, was there no hail.
Exodus 10:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants, that I might show these my signs before him:
Exodus 10:11	Not so: go now ye that are men, and serve the LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence.
Exodus 10:21	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt.
Exodus 11:2	Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his neighbor, and every woman of her neighbor, jewels of silver and jewels of gold.
Exodus 12:2	This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: it shall be the first month of the year to you.
Exodus 12:12	For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD.
Exodus 12:22	And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.
Exodus 12:32	Also take your flocks and your herds, as ye have said, and be gone; and bless me also.
Exodus 12:42	It is a night to be much observed unto the LORD for bringing them out from the land of Egypt: this is that night of the LORD to be observed of all the children of Israel in their generations.
Exodus 13:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 13:11	And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers, and shall give it thee,
Exodus 13:21	And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:
Exodus 14:9	But the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon.
Exodus 14:19	And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:
Exodus 14:29	But the children of Israel walked upon dry land in the midst of the sea; and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.
Exodus 15:8	And with the blast of thy nostrils the waters were gathered together, the floods stood upright as an heap, and the depths were congealed in the heart of the sea.
Exodus 15:18	The LORD shall reign for ever and ever.
Exodus 16:1	And they took their journey from Elim, and all the congregation of the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 16:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 16:21	And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted.
Exodus 16:31	And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey.
Exodus 17:5	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go on before the people, and take with thee of the elders of Israel; and thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, take in thine hand, and go.
Exodus 17:15	And Moses built an altar, and called the name of it Jehovahnissi:
Exodus 18:9	And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Exodus 18:19	Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:
Exodus 19:2	For they were departed from Rephidim, and were come to the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness; and there Israel camped before the mount.
Exodus 19:12	And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death:
Exodus 19:22	And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them.
Exodus 20:7	Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.
Exodus 20:17	Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbor's.
Exodus 21:1	Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them.
Exodus 21:11	And if he do not these three unto her, then shall she go out free without money.
Exodus 21:21	Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be punished: for he is his money.
Exodus 21:31	Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according to this judgment shall it be done unto him.
Exodus 22:5	If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his beast, and shall feed in another man's field; of the best of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make restitution.
Exodus 22:15	But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire.
Exodus 22:25	If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee, thou shalt not be to him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him usury.
Exodus 23:4	If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again.
Exodus 23:14	Three times thou shalt keep a feast unto me in the year.
Exodus 23:24	Thou shalt not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works: but thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and quite break down their images.
Exodus 24:1	And he said unto Moses, Come up unto the LORD, thou, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel; and worship ye afar off.
Exodus 24:11	And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink.
Exodus 25:3	And this is the offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass,
Exodus 25:13	And thou shalt make staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.
Exodus 25:23	Thou shalt also make a table of shittim wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.
Exodus 25:33	Three bowls made like unto almonds, with a knop and a flower in one branch; and three bowls made like almonds in the other branch, with a knop and a flower: so in the six branches that come out of the candlestick.
Exodus 26:3	The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another.
Exodus 26:13	And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent, it shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it.
Exodus 26:23	And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.
Exodus 26:33	And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy.
Exodus 27:6	And thou shalt make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass.
Exodus 27:16	And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework: and their pillars shall be four, and their sockets four.
Exodus 28:5	And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 28:15	And thou shalt make the breastplate of judgment with cunning work; after the work of the ephod thou shalt make it; of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt thou make it.
Exodus 28:25	And the other two ends of the two wreathed chains thou shalt fasten in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod before it.
Exodus 28:35	And it shall be upon Aaron to minister: and his sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the holy place before the LORD, and when he cometh out, that he die not.
Exodus 29:2	And unleavened bread, and cakes unleavened tempered with oil, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of wheaten flour shalt thou make them.
Exodus 29:12	And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock, and put it upon the horns of the altar with thy finger, and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar.
Exodus 29:22	Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right shoulder; for it is a ram of consecration:
Exodus 29:32	And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Exodus 29:42	This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee.
Exodus 30:6	And thou shalt put it before the vail that is by the ark of the testimony, before the mercy seat that is over the testimony, where I will meet with thee.
Exodus 30:16	And thou shalt take the atonement money of the children of Israel, and shalt appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the children of Israel before the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls.
Exodus 30:26	And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony,
Exodus 30:36	And thou shalt beat some of it very small, and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy.
Exodus 31:8	And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,
Exodus 31:18	And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the finger of God.
Exodus 32:10	Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may consume them: and I will make of thee a great nation.
Exodus 32:20	And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strewed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it.
Exodus 32:30	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses said unto the people, Ye have sinned a great sin: and now I will go up unto the LORD; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin.
Exodus 33:5	For the LORD had said unto Moses, Say unto the children of Israel, Ye are a stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know what to do unto thee.
Exodus 33:15	And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence.
Exodus 34:2	And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount.
Exodus 34:12	Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee:
Exodus 34:22	And thou shalt observe the feast of weeks, of the firstfruits of wheat harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year's end.
Exodus 34:32	And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in mount Sinai.
Exodus 35:7	And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood,
Exodus 35:17	The hangings of the court, his pillars, and their sockets, and the hanging for the door of the court,
Exodus 35:27	And the rulers brought onyx stones, and stones to be set, for the ephod, and for the breastplate;
Exodus 36:2	And Moses called Bezaleel and Aholiab, and every wise hearted man, in whose heart the LORD had put wisdom, even every one whose heart stirred him up to come unto the work to do it:
Exodus 36:12	Fifty loops made he in one curtain, and fifty loops made he in the edge of the curtain which was in the coupling of the second: the loops held one curtain to another.
Exodus 36:22	One board had two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle.
Exodus 36:32	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle for the sides westward.
Exodus 37:4	And he made staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Exodus 37:14	Over against the border were the rings, the places for the staves to bear the table.
Exodus 37:24	Of a talent of pure gold made he it, and all the vessels thereof.
Exodus 38:5	And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass, to be places for the staves.
Exodus 38:15	And for the other side of the court gate, on this hand and that hand, were hangings of fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Exodus 38:25	And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:
Exodus 39:4	They made shoulderpieces for it, to couple it together: by the two edges was it coupled together.
Exodus 39:14	And the stones were according to the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.
Exodus 39:24	And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen.
Exodus 39:34	And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering,
Exodus 40:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 40:11	And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot, and sanctify it.
Exodus 40:21	And he brought the ark into the tabernacle, and set up the vail of the covering, and covered the ark of the testimony; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 40:31	And Moses and Aaron and his sons washed their hands and their feet thereat:
Leviticus 1:3	If his offering be a burnt sacrifice of the herd, let him offer a male without blemish: he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD.
Leviticus 1:13	But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 2:6	Thou shalt part it in pieces, and pour oil thereon: it is a meat offering.
Leviticus 2:16	And the priest shall burn the memorial of it, part of the beaten corn thereof, and part of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 3:10	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.
Leviticus 4:3	If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without blemish unto the LORD for a sin offering.
Leviticus 4:13	And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance, and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done, and are guilty;
Leviticus 4:23	Or if his sin, wherein he hath sinned, come to his knowledge; he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a male without blemish:
Leviticus 4:33	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering, and slay it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering.
Leviticus 5:8	And he shall bring them unto the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first, and wring off his head from his neck, but shall not divide it asunder:
Leviticus 5:18	And he shall bring a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not, and it shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 6:9	Command Aaron and his sons, saying, This is the law of the burnt offering: It is the burnt offering, because of the burning upon the altar all night unto the morning, and the fire of the altar shall be burning in it.
Leviticus 6:19	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:29	All the males among the priests shall eat thereof: it is most holy.
Leviticus 7:9	And all the meat offering that is baked in the oven, and all that is dressed in the frying pan, and in the pan, shall be the priest's that offereth it.
Leviticus 7:19	And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof.
Leviticus 7:29	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings.
Leviticus 8:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 8:11	And he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times, and anointed the altar and all his vessels, both the laver and his foot, to sanctify them.
Leviticus 8:21	And he washed the inwards and the legs in water; and Moses burnt the whole ram upon the altar: it was a burnt sacrifice for a sweet savor, and an offering made by fire unto the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 8:31	And Moses said unto Aaron and to his sons, Boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and there eat it with the bread that is in the basket of consecrations, as I commanded, saying, Aaron and his sons shall eat it.
Leviticus 9:5	And they brought that which Moses commanded before the tabernacle of the congregation: and all the congregation drew near and stood before the LORD.
Leviticus 9:15	And he brought the people's offering, and took the goat, which was the sin offering for the people, and slew it, and offered it for sin, as the first.
Leviticus 10:1	And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the LORD, which he commanded them not.
Leviticus 10:11	And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses.
Leviticus 11:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying unto them,
Leviticus 11:11	They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcasses in abomination.
Leviticus 11:21	Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all four, which have legs above their feet, to leap withal upon the earth;
Leviticus 11:31	These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 11:41	And every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth shall be an abomination; it shall not be eaten.
Leviticus 12:4	And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying three and thirty days; she shall touch no hallowed thing, nor come into the sanctuary, until the days of her purifying be fulfilled.
Leviticus 13:6	And the priest shall look on him again the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague be somewhat dark, and the plague spread not in the skin, the priest shall pronounce him clean: it is but a scab: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean.
Leviticus 13:16	Or if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall come unto the priest;
Leviticus 13:26	But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than the other skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:
Leviticus 13:36	Then the priest shall look on him: and, behold, if the scall be spread in the skin, the priest shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean.
Leviticus 13:46	All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall his habitation be.
Leviticus 13:56	And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:
Leviticus 14:7	And he shall sprinkle upon him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times, and shall pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird loose into the open field.
Leviticus 14:17	And of the rest of the oil that is in his hand shall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the blood of the trespass offering:
Leviticus 14:27	And the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times before the LORD:
Leviticus 14:37	And he shall look on the plague, and, behold, if the plague be in the walls of the house with hollow streaks, greenish or reddish, which in sight are lower than the wall;
Leviticus 14:47	And he that lieth in the house shall wash his clothes; and he that eateth in the house shall wash his clothes.
Leviticus 14:57	To teach when it is unclean, and when it is clean: this is the law of leprosy.
Leviticus 15:10	And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be unclean until the even: and he that beareth any of those things shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:20	And every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean: every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean.
Leviticus 15:30	And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before the LORD for the issue of her uncleanness.
Leviticus 16:7	And he shall take the two goats, and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 16:17	And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and for all the congregation of Israel.
Leviticus 16:27	And the bullock for the sin offering, and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place, shall one carry forth without the camp; and they shall burn in the fire their skins, and their flesh, and their dung.
Leviticus 17:3	What man soever there be of the house of Israel, that killeth an ox, or lamb, or goat, in the camp, or that killeth it out of the camp,
Leviticus 17:13	And whatsoever man there be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, which hunteth and catcheth any beast or fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the blood thereof, and cover it with dust.
Leviticus 18:7	The nakedness of thy father, or the nakedness of thy mother, shalt thou not uncover: she is thy mother; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness.
Leviticus 18:17	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her daughter, neither shalt thou take her son's daughter, or her daughter's daughter, to uncover her nakedness; for they are her near kinswomen: it is wickedness.
Leviticus 18:27	(For all these abominations have the men of the land done, which were before you, and the land is defiled;)
Leviticus 19:7	And if it be eaten at all on the third day, it is abominable; it shall not be accepted.
Leviticus 19:17	Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart: thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbor, and not suffer sin upon him.
Leviticus 19:27	Ye shall not round the corners of your heads, neither shalt thou mar the corners of thy beard.
Leviticus 19:37	Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 20:10	And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbor's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death.
Leviticus 20:20	And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless.
Leviticus 21:3	And for his sister a virgin, that is nigh unto him, which hath had no husband; for her may he be defiled.
Leviticus 21:13	And he shall take a wife in her virginity.
Leviticus 21:23	Only he shall not go in unto the vail, nor come nigh unto the altar, because he hath a blemish; that he profane not my sanctuaries: for I the LORD do sanctify them.
Leviticus 22:9	They shall therefore keep mine ordinance, lest they bear sin for it, and die therefore, if they profane it: I the LORD do sanctify them.
Leviticus 22:19	Ye shall offer at your own will a male without blemish, of the beeves, of the sheep, or of the goats.
Leviticus 22:29	And when ye will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto the LORD, offer it at your own will.
Leviticus 23:6	And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto the LORD: seven days ye must eat unleavened bread.
Leviticus 23:16	Even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:26	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:36	Seven days ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a solemn assembly; and ye shall do no servile work therein.
Leviticus 24:2	Command the children of Israel, that they bring unto thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamps to burn continually.
Leviticus 24:12	And they put him in ward, that the mind of the LORD might be showed them.
Leviticus 24:22	Ye shall have one manner of law, as well for the stranger, as for one of your own country: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 25:9	Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land.
Leviticus 25:19	And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety.
Leviticus 25:29	And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city, then he may redeem it within a whole year after it is sold; within a full year may he redeem it.
Leviticus 25:39	And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen poor, and be sold unto thee; thou shalt not compel him to serve as a bondservant:
Leviticus 25:49	Either his uncle, or his uncle's son, may redeem him, or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem him; or if he be able, he may redeem himself.
Leviticus 26:4	Then I will give you rain in due season, and the land shall yield her increase, and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit.
Leviticus 26:14	But if ye will not hearken unto me, and will not do all these commandments;
Leviticus 26:24	Then will I also walk contrary unto you, and will punish you yet seven times for your sins.
Leviticus 26:34	Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths, as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your enemies' land; even then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths.
Leviticus 26:44	And yet for all that, when they be in the land of their enemies, I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor them, to destroy them utterly, and to break my covenant with them: for I am the LORD their God.
Leviticus 27:8	But if he be poorer than thy estimation, then he shall present himself before the priest, and the priest shall value him; according to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him.
Leviticus 27:18	But if he sanctify his field after the jubilee, then the priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain, even unto the year of the jubilee, and it shall be abated from thy estimation.
Leviticus 27:28	Notwithstanding no devoted thing, that a man shall devote unto the LORD of all that he hath, both of man and beast, and of the field of his possession, shall be sold or redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy unto the LORD.
Numbers 1:4	And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers.
Numbers 1:14	Of Gad; Eliasaph the son of Deuel.
Numbers 1:24	Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:34	Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:44	These are those that were numbered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was for the house of his fathers.
Numbers 1:54	And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.
Numbers 2:10	On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Numbers 2:20	And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh: and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Numbers 2:30	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 3:6	Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him.
Numbers 3:16	And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD, as he was commanded.
Numbers 3:26	And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof.
Numbers 3:36	And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serveth thereto,
Numbers 3:46	And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites;
Numbers 4:5	And when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the ark of testimony with it:
Numbers 4:15	And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the sanctuary, and all the vessels of the sanctuary, as the camp is to set forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it: but they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 4:25	And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,
Numbers 4:35	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation:
Numbers 4:45	These be those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 5:6	Speak unto the children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty;
Numbers 5:16	And the priest shall bring her near, and set her before the LORD:
Numbers 5:26	And the priest shall take an handful of the offering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water.
Numbers 6:5	All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow.
Numbers 6:15	And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings.
Numbers 6:25	The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee:
Numbers 7:8	And four wagons and eight oxen he gave unto the sons of Merari, according unto their service, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Numbers 7:18	On the second day Nethaneel the son of Zuar, prince of Issachar, did offer:
Numbers 7:28	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:38	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:48	On the seventh day Elishama the son of Ammihud, prince of the children of Ephraim, offered:
Numbers 7:58	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:68	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:78	On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan, prince of the children of Naphtali, offered:
Numbers 7:88	And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were twenty and four bullocks, the rams sixty, the he goats sixty, the lambs of the first year sixty. This was the dedication of the altar, after that it was anointed.
Numbers 8:9	And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together:
Numbers 8:19	And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come nigh unto the sanctuary.
Numbers 9:3	In the fourteenth day of this month, at even, ye shall keep it in his appointed season: according to all the rites of it, and according to all the ceremonies thereof, shall ye keep it.
Numbers 9:13	But the man that is clean, and is not in a journey, and forbeareth to keep the passover, even the same soul shall be cut off from among his people: because he brought not the offering of the LORD in his appointed season, that man shall bear his sin.
Numbers 9:23	At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 10:10	Also in the day of your gladness, and in your solemn days, and in the beginnings of your months, ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt offerings, and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD your God.
Numbers 10:20	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son of Deuel.
Numbers 10:30	And he said unto him, I will not go; but I will depart to mine own land, and to my kindred.
Numbers 11:4	And the mixed multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat?
Numbers 11:14	I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me.
Numbers 11:24	And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle.
Numbers 11:34	And he called the name of that place Kibrothhattaavah: because there they buried the people that lusted.
Numbers 12:9	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against them; and he departed.
Numbers 13:3	And Moses by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the wilderness of Paran: all those men were heads of the children of Israel.
Numbers 13:13	Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael.
Numbers 13:23	And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs.
Numbers 13:33	And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which come of the giants: and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.
Numbers 14:10	But all the congregation bade stone them with stones. And the glory of the LORD appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel.
Numbers 14:20	And the LORD said, I have pardoned according to thy word:
Numbers 14:30	Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
Numbers 14:40	And they rose up early in the morning, and gat them up into the top of the mountain, saying, Lo, we be here, and will go up unto the place which the LORD hath promised: for we have sinned.
Numbers 15:5	And the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering shalt thou prepare with the burnt offering or sacrifice, for one lamb.
Numbers 15:15	One ordinance shall be both for you of the congregation, and also for the stranger that sojourneth with you, an ordinance for ever in your generations: as ye are, so shall the stranger be before the LORD.
Numbers 15:25	And the priest shall make an atonement for all the congregation of the children of Israel, and it shall be forgiven them; for it is ignorance: and they shall bring their offering, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD, and their sin offering before the LORD, for their ignorance:
Numbers 15:35	And the LORD said unto Moses, The man shall be surely put to death: all the congregation shall stone him with stones without the camp.
Numbers 16:4	And when Moses heard it, he fell upon his face:
Numbers 16:14	Moreover thou hast not brought us into a land that floweth with milk and honey, or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards: wilt thou put out the eyes of these men? we will not come up.
Numbers 16:24	Speak unto the congregation, saying, Get you up from about the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram.
Numbers 16:34	And all Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they said, Lest the earth swallow us up also.
Numbers 16:44	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 17:4	And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony, where I will meet with you.
Numbers 18:1	And the LORD said unto Aaron, Thou and thy sons and thy father's house with thee shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary: and thou and thy sons with thee shall bear the iniquity of your priesthood.
Numbers 18:11	And this is thine; the heave offering of their gift, with all the wave offerings of the children of Israel: I have given them unto thee, and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: every one that is clean in thy house shall eat of it.
Numbers 18:21	And, behold, I have given the children of Levi all the tenth in Israel for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 18:31	And ye shall eat it in every place, ye and your households: for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 19:9	And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin.
Numbers 19:19	And the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be clean at even.
Numbers 20:7	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 20:17	Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left, until we have passed thy borders.
Numbers 20:27	And Moses did as the LORD commanded: and they went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation.
Numbers 21:8	And the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live.
Numbers 21:18	The princes digged the well, the nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their staves. And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah:
Numbers 21:28	For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it hath consumed Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon.
Numbers 22:3	And Moab was sore afraid of the people, because they were many: and Moab was distressed because of the children of Israel.
Numbers 22:13	And Balaam rose up in the morning, and said unto the princes of Balak, Get you into your land: for the LORD refuseth to give me leave to go with you.
Numbers 22:23	And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and Balaam smote the ass, to turn her into the way.
Numbers 22:33	And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive.
Numbers 23:2	And Balak did as Balaam had spoken; and Balak and Balaam offered on every altar a bullock and a ram.
Numbers 23:12	And he answered and said, Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth?
Numbers 23:22	God brought them out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn.
Numbers 24:2	And Balaam lifted up his eyes, and he saw Israel abiding in his tents according to their tribes; and the spirit of God came upon him.
Numbers 24:12	And Balaam said unto Balak, Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me, saying,
Numbers 24:22	Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until Asshur shall carry thee away captive.
Numbers 25:7	And when Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, saw it, he rose up from among the congregation, and took a javelin in his hand;
Numbers 25:17	Vex the Midianites, and smite them:
Numbers 26:9	And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This is that Dathan and Abiram, which were famous in the congregation, who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when they strove against the LORD:
Numbers 26:19	The sons of Judah were Er and Onan: and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan.
Numbers 26:29	Of the sons of Manasseh: of Machir, the family of the Machirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the family of the Gileadites.
Numbers 26:39	Of Shupham, the family of the Shuphamites: of Hupham, the family of the Huphamites.
Numbers 26:49	Of Jezer, the family of the Jezerites: of Shillem, the family of the Shillemites.
Numbers 26:59	And the name of Amram's wife was Jochebed, the daughter of Levi, whom her mother bare to Levi in Egypt: and she bare unto Amram Aaron and Moses, and Miriam their sister.
Numbers 27:4	Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family, because he hath no son? Give unto us therefore a possession among the brethren of our father.
Numbers 27:14	For ye rebelled against my commandment in the desert of Zin, in the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me at the water before their eyes: that is the water of Meribah in Kadesh in the wilderness of Zin.
Numbers 28:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 28:11	And in the beginnings of your months ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, seven lambs of the first year without spot;
Numbers 28:21	A several tenth deal shalt thou offer for every lamb, throughout the seven lambs:
Numbers 28:31	Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, (they shall be unto you without blemish) and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:10	A several tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs:
Numbers 29:20	And on the third day eleven bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish;
Numbers 29:30	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 29:40	And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 30:10	And if she vowed in her husband's house, or bound her soul by a bond with an oath;
Numbers 31:4	Of every tribe a thousand, throughout all the tribes of Israel, shall ye send to the war.
Numbers 31:14	And Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle.
Numbers 31:24	And ye shall wash your clothes on the seventh day, and ye shall be clean, and afterward ye shall come into the camp.
Numbers 31:34	And threescore and one thousand asses,
Numbers 31:44	And thirty and six thousand beeves,
Numbers 31:54	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD.
Numbers 32:10	And the LORD's anger was kindled the same time, and he sware, saying,
Numbers 32:20	And Moses said unto them, If ye will do this thing, if ye will go armed before the LORD to war,
Numbers 32:30	But if they will not pass over with you armed, they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan.
Numbers 32:40	And Moses gave Gilead unto Machir the son of Manasseh; and he dwelt therein.
Numbers 33:8	And they departed from before Pihahiroth, and passed through the midst of the sea into the wilderness, and went three days' journey in the wilderness of Etham, and pitched in Marah.
Numbers 33:18	And they departed from Hazeroth, and pitched in Rithmah.
Numbers 33:28	And they removed from Tarah, and pitched in Mithcah.
Numbers 33:38	And Aaron the priest went up into mount Hor at the commandment of the LORD, and died there, in the fortieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the first day of the fifth month.
Numbers 33:48	And they departed from the mountains of Abarim, and pitched in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
Numbers 34:2	Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land of Canaan; (this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance, even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof:)
Numbers 34:12	And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about.
Numbers 34:22	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli.
Numbers 35:3	And the cities shall they have to dwell in; and the suburbs of them shall be for their cattle, and for their goods, and for all their beasts.
Numbers 35:13	And of these cities which ye shall give six cities shall ye have for refuge.
Numbers 35:23	Or with any stone, wherewith a man may die, seeing him not, and cast it upon him, that he die, and was not his enemy, neither sought his harm:
Numbers 35:33	So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are: for blood it defileth the land: and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him that shed it.
Numbers 36:9	Neither shall the inheritance remove from one tribe to another tribe; but every one of the tribes of the children of Israel shall keep himself to his own inheritance.
Deuteronomy 1:6	The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb, saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in this mount:
Deuteronomy 1:16	And I charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him.
Deuteronomy 1:26	Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God:
Deuteronomy 1:36	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh; he shall see it, and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon, and to his children, because he hath wholly followed the LORD.
Deuteronomy 1:46	So ye abode in Kadesh many days, according unto the days that ye abode there.
Deuteronomy 2:10	The Emims dwelt therein in times past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims;
Deuteronomy 2:20	(That also was accounted a land of giants: giants dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them Zamzummims;
Deuteronomy 2:30	But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him: for the LORD thy God hardened his spirit, and made his heart obstinate, that he might deliver him into thy hand, as appeareth this day.
Deuteronomy 3:3	So the LORD our God delivered into our hands Og also, the king of Bashan, and all his people: and we smote him until none was left to him remaining.
Deuteronomy 3:13	And the rest of Gilead, and all Bashan, being the kingdom of Og, gave I unto the half tribe of Manasseh; all the region of Argob, with all Bashan, which was called the land of giants.
Deuteronomy 3:23	And I besought the LORD at that time, saying,
Deuteronomy 4:4	But ye that did cleave unto the LORD your God are alive every one of you this day.
Deuteronomy 4:14	And the LORD commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and judgments, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it.
Deuteronomy 4:24	For the LORD thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God.
Deuteronomy 4:34	Or hath God assayed to go and take him a nation from the midst of another nation, by temptations, by signs, and by wonders, and by war, and by a mighty hand, and by a stretched out arm, and by great terrors, according to all that the LORD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes?
Deuteronomy 4:44	And this is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel:
Deuteronomy 5:5	(I stood between the LORD and you at that time, to show you the word of the LORD: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying,
Deuteronomy 5:15	And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the LORD thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm: therefore the LORD thy God commanded thee to keep the sabbath day.
Deuteronomy 5:25	Now therefore why should we die? for this great fire will consume us: if we hear the voice of the LORD our God any more, then we shall die.
Deuteronomy 6:2	That thou mightest fear the LORD thy God, to keep all his statutes and his commandments, which I command thee, thou, and thy son, and thy son's son, all the days of thy life; and that thy days may be prolonged.
Deuteronomy 6:12	Then beware lest thou forget the LORD, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Deuteronomy 6:22	And the LORD showed signs and wonders, great and sore, upon Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his household, before our eyes:
Deuteronomy 7:7	The LORD did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number than any people; for ye were the fewest of all people:
Deuteronomy 7:17	If thou shalt say in thine heart, These nations are more than I; how can I dispossess them?
Deuteronomy 8:1	All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers.
Deuteronomy 8:11	Beware that thou forget not the LORD thy God, in not keeping his commandments, and his judgments, and his statutes, which I command thee this day:
Deuteronomy 9:1	Hear, O Israel: Thou art to pass over Jordan this day, to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven,
Deuteronomy 9:11	And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights, that the LORD gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant.
Deuteronomy 9:21	And I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount.
Deuteronomy 10:2	And I will write on the tables the words that were in the first tables which thou brakest, and thou shalt put them in the ark.
Deuteronomy 10:12	And now, Israel, what doth the LORD thy God require of thee, but to fear the LORD thy God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve the LORD thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul,
Deuteronomy 10:22	Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten persons; and now the LORD thy God hath made thee as the stars of heaven for multitude.
Deuteronomy 11:10	For the land, whither thou goest in to possess it, is not as the land of Egypt, from whence ye came out, where thou sowedst thy seed, and wateredst it with thy foot, as a garden of herbs:
Deuteronomy 11:20	And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house, and upon thy gates:
Deuteronomy 11:30	Are they not on the other side Jordan, by the way where the sun goeth down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the champaign over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh?
Deuteronomy 12:8	Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day, every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes.
Deuteronomy 12:18	But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates: and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto.
Deuteronomy 12:28	Observe and hear all these words which I command thee, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee for ever, when thou doest that which is good and right in the sight of the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 13:6	If thy brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, or thy daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers;
Deuteronomy 13:16	And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof, and shalt burn with fire the city, and all the spoil thereof every whit, for the LORD thy God: and it shall be an heap for ever; it shall not be built again.
Deuteronomy 14:8	And the swine, because it divideth the hoof, yet cheweth not the cud, it is unclean unto you: ye shall not eat of their flesh, nor touch their dead carcass.
Deuteronomy 14:18	And the stork, and the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.
Deuteronomy 14:28	At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year, and shalt lay it up within thy gates:
Deuteronomy 15:9	Beware that there be not a thought in thy wicked heart, saying, The seventh year, the year of release, is at hand; and thine eye be evil against thy poor brother, and thou givest him nought; and he cry unto the LORD against thee, and it be sin unto thee.
Deuteronomy 15:19	All the firstling males that come of thy herd and of thy flock thou shalt sanctify unto the LORD thy God: thou shalt do no work with the firstling of thy bullock, nor shear the firstling of thy sheep.
Deuteronomy 16:6	But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in, there thou shalt sacrifice the passover at even, at the going down of the sun, at the season that thou camest forth out of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 16:16	Three times in a year shall all thy males appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose; in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty:
Deuteronomy 17:4	And it be told thee, and thou hast heard of it, and inquired diligently, and, behold, it be true, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought in Israel:
Deuteronomy 17:14	When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt possess it, and shalt dwell therein, and shalt say, I will set a king over me, like as all the nations that are about me;
Deuteronomy 18:4	The firstfruit also of thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the first of the fleece of thy sheep, shalt thou give him.
Deuteronomy 18:14	For these nations, which thou shalt possess, hearkened unto observers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD thy God hath not suffered thee so to do.
Deuteronomy 19:2	Thou shalt separate three cities for thee in the midst of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it.
Deuteronomy 19:12	Then the elders of his city shall send and fetch him thence, and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood, that he may die.
Deuteronomy 20:1	When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than thou, be not afraid of them: for the LORD thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 20:11	And it shall be, if it make thee answer of peace, and open unto thee, then it shall be, that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee, and they shall serve thee.
Deuteronomy 21:1	If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it, lying in the field, and it be not known who hath slain him:
Deuteronomy 21:11	And seest among the captives a beautiful woman, and hast a desire unto her, that thou wouldest have her to thy wife;
Deuteronomy 21:21	And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die: so shalt thou put evil away from among you; and all Israel shall hear, and fear.
Deuteronomy 22:8	When thou buildest a new house, then thou shalt make a battlement for thy roof, that thou bring not blood upon thine house, if any man fall from thence.
Deuteronomy 22:18	And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him;
Deuteronomy 22:28	If a man find a damsel that is a virgin, which is not betrothed, and lay hold on her, and lie with her, and they be found;
Deuteronomy 23:8	The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the congregation of the LORD in their third generation.
Deuteronomy 23:18	Thou shalt not bring the hire of a whore, or the price of a dog, into the house of the LORD thy God for any vow: for even both these are abomination unto the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 24:3	And if the latter husband hate her, and write her a bill of divorcement, and giveth it in her hand, and sendeth her out of his house; or if the latter husband die, which took her to be his wife;
Deuteronomy 24:13	In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down, that he may sleep in his own raiment, and bless thee: and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 25:1	If there be a controversy between men, and they come unto judgment, that the judges may judge them; then they shall justify the righteous, and condemn the wicked.
Deuteronomy 25:11	When men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the secrets:
Deuteronomy 26:2	That thou shalt take of the first of all the fruit of the earth, which thou shalt bring of thy land that the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt put it in a basket, and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there.
Deuteronomy 26:12	When thou hast made an end of tithing all the tithes of thine increase the third year, which is the year of tithing, and hast given it unto the Levite, the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, that they may eat within thy gates, and be filled;
Deuteronomy 27:3	And thou shalt write upon them all the words of this law, when thou art passed over, that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, a land that floweth with milk and honey; as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee.
Deuteronomy 27:13	And these shall stand upon mount Ebal to curse; Reuben, Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali.
Deuteronomy 27:23	Cursed be he that lieth with his mother in law. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:7	The LORD shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face: they shall come out against thee one way, and flee before thee seven ways.
Deuteronomy 28:17	Cursed shall be thy basket and thy store.
Deuteronomy 28:27	The LORD will smite thee with the botch of Egypt, and with the emerods, and with the scab, and with the itch, whereof thou canst not be healed.
Deuteronomy 28:37	And thou shalt become an astonishment, a proverb, and a byword, among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee.
Deuteronomy 28:47	Because thou servedst not the LORD thy God with joyfulness, and with gladness of heart, for the abundance of all things;
Deuteronomy 28:57	And toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet, and toward her children which she shall bear: for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates.
Deuteronomy 28:67	In the morning thou shalt say, Would God it were even! and at even thou shalt say, Would God it were morning! for the fear of thine heart wherewith thou shalt fear, and for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see.
Deuteronomy 29:9	Keep therefore the words of this covenant, and do them, that ye may prosper in all that ye do.
Deuteronomy 29:19	And it come to pass, when he heareth the words of this curse, that he bless himself in his heart, saying, I shall have peace, though I walk in the imagination of mine heart, to add drunkenness to thirst:
Deuteronomy 29:29	The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law.
Deuteronomy 30:10	If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which are written in this book of the law, and if thou turn unto the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul.
Deuteronomy 30:20	That thou mayest love the LORD thy God, and that thou mayest obey his voice, and that thou mayest cleave unto him: for he is thy life, and the length of thy days: that thou mayest dwell in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them.
Deuteronomy 31:10	And Moses commanded them, saying, At the end of every seven years, in the solemnity of the year of release, in the feast of tabernacles,
Deuteronomy 31:20	For when I shall have brought them into the land which I sware unto their fathers, that floweth with milk and honey; and they shall have eaten and filled themselves, and waxen fat; then will they turn unto other gods, and serve them, and provoke me, and break my covenant.
Deuteronomy 31:30	And Moses spake in the ears of all the congregation of Israel the words of this song, until they were ended.
Deuteronomy 32:10	He found him in a desert land, and in the waste howling wilderness; he led him about, he instructed him, he kept him as the apple of his eye.
Deuteronomy 32:20	And he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for they are a very froward generation, children in whom is no faith.
Deuteronomy 32:30	How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Rock had sold them, and the LORD had shut them up?
Deuteronomy 32:40	For I lift up my hand to heaven, and say, I live for ever.
Deuteronomy 32:50	And die in the mount whither thou goest up, and be gathered unto thy people; as Aaron thy brother died in mount Hor, and was gathered unto his people:
Deuteronomy 33:8	And of Levi he said, Let thy Thummim and thy Urim be with thy holy one, whom thou didst prove at Massah, and with whom thou didst strive at the waters of Meribah;
Deuteronomy 33:18	And of Zebulun he said, Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going out; and, Issachar, in thy tents.
Deuteronomy 33:28	Israel then shall dwell in safety alone: the fountain of Jacob shall be upon a land of corn and wine; also his heavens shall drop down dew.
Deuteronomy 34:9	And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid his hands upon him: and the children of Israel hearkened unto him, and did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Joshua 1:7	Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.
Joshua 1:17	According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses.
Joshua 2:9	And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you.
Joshua 2:19	And it shall be, that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head, and we will be guiltless: and whosoever shall be with thee in the house, his blood shall be on our head, if any hand be upon him.
Joshua 3:5	And Joshua said unto the people, Sanctify yourselves: for to morrow the LORD will do wonders among you.
Joshua 3:15	And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were dipped in the brim of the water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest,)
Joshua 4:8	And the children of Israel did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid them down there.
Joshua 4:18	And it came to pass, when the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD were come up out of the midst of Jordan, and the soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of Jordan returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before.
Joshua 5:4	And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died in the wilderness by the way, after they came out of Egypt.
Joshua 5:14	And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said unto him, What saith my Lord unto his servant?
Joshua 6:9	And the armed men went before the priests that blew with the trumpets, and the rearward came after the ark, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.
Joshua 6:19	But all the silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto the LORD: they shall come into the treasury of the LORD.
Joshua 7:2	And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, which is beside Bethaven, on the east of Bethel, and spake unto them, saying, Go up and view the country. And the men went up and viewed Ai.
Joshua 7:12	Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies, but turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither will I be with you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among you.
Joshua 7:22	So Joshua sent messengers, and they ran unto the tent; and, behold, it was hid in his tent, and the silver under it.
Joshua 8:6	(For they will come out after us) till we have drawn them from the city; for they will say, They flee before us, as at the first: therefore we will flee before them.
Joshua 8:16	And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city.
Joshua 8:26	For Joshua drew not his hand back, wherewith he stretched out the spear, until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of Ai.
Joshua 9:1	And it came to pass, when all the kings which were on this side Jordan, in the hills, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Lebanon, the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof;
Joshua 9:11	Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a league with us.
Joshua 9:21	And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of wood and drawers of water unto all the congregation; as the princes had promised them.
Joshua 10:4	Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.
Joshua 10:14	And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel.
Joshua 10:24	And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them.
Joshua 10:34	And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it:
Joshua 11:1	And it came to pass, when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things, that he sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Shimron, and to the king of Achshaph,
Joshua 11:11	And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the sword, utterly destroying them: there was not any left to breathe: and he burnt Hazor with fire.
Joshua 11:21	And at that time came Joshua, and cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from Hebron, from Debir, from Anab, and from all the mountains of Judah, and from all the mountains of Israel: Joshua destroyed them utterly with their cities.
Joshua 12:8	In the mountains, and in the valleys, and in the plains, and in the springs, and in the wilderness, and in the south country; the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Canaanites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites:
Joshua 12:18	The king of Aphek, one; the king of Lasharon, one;
Joshua 13:4	From the south, all the land of the Canaanites, and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites:
Joshua 13:14	Only unto the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices of the LORD God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance, as he said unto them.
Joshua 13:24	And Moses gave inheritance unto the tribe of Gad, even unto the children of Gad according to their families.
Joshua 14:1	And these are the countries which the children of Israel inherited in the land of Canaan, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, distributed for inheritance to them.
Joshua 14:11	As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in.
Joshua 15:6	And the border went up to Bethhogla, and passed along by the north of Betharabah; and the border went up to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben:
Joshua 15:16	And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife.
Joshua 15:26	Amam, and Shema, and Moladah,
Joshua 15:36	And Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their villages:
Joshua 15:46	From Ekron even unto the sea, all that lay near Ashdod, with their villages:
Joshua 15:56	And Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah,
Joshua 16:3	And goeth down westward to the coast of Japhleti, unto the coast of Bethhoron the nether, and to Gezer; and the goings out thereof are at the sea.
Joshua 17:3	But Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, had no sons, but daughters: and these are the names of his daughters, Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
Joshua 17:13	Yet it came to pass, when the children of Israel were waxen strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, but did not utterly drive them out.
Joshua 18:5	And they shall divide it into seven parts: Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north.
Joshua 18:15	And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and the border went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah:
Joshua 18:25	Gibeon, and Ramah, and Beeroth,
Joshua 19:7	Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages:
Joshua 19:17	And the fourth lot came out to Issachar, for the children of Issachar according to their families.
Joshua 19:27	And turneth toward the sunrising to Bethdagon, and reacheth to Zebulun, and to the valley of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Bethemek, and Neiel, and goeth out to Cabul on the left hand,
Joshua 19:37	And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor,
Joshua 19:47	And the coast of the children of Dan went out too little for them: therefore the children of Dan went up to fight against Leshem, and took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and possessed it, and dwelt therein, and called Leshem, Dan, after the name of Dan their father.
Joshua 20:6	And he shall dwell in that city, until he stand before the congregation for judgment, and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days: then shall the slayer return, and come unto his own city, and unto his own house, unto the city from whence he fled.
Joshua 21:7	The children of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.
Joshua 21:17	And out of the tribe of Benjamin, Gibeon with her suburbs, Geba with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:27	And unto the children of Gershon, of the families of the Levites, out of the other half tribe of Manasseh they gave Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Beeshterah with her suburbs; two cities.
Joshua 21:37	Kedemoth with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 22:2	And said unto them, Ye have kept all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, and have obeyed my voice in all that I commanded you:
Joshua 22:12	And when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against them.
Joshua 22:22	The LORD God of gods, the LORD God of gods, he knoweth, and Israel he shall know; if it be in rebellion, or if in transgression against the LORD, (save us not this day,)
Joshua 22:32	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, and the princes, returned from the children of Reuben, and from the children of Gad, out of the land of Gilead, unto the land of Canaan, to the children of Israel, and brought them word again.
Joshua 23:8	But cleave unto the LORD your God, as ye have done unto this day.
Joshua 24:2	And Joshua said unto all the people, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Your fathers dwelt on the other side of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods.
Joshua 24:12	And I sent the hornet before you, which drave them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not with thy sword, nor with thy bow.
Joshua 24:22	And Joshua said unto the people, Ye are witnesses against yourselves that ye have chosen you the LORD, to serve him. And they said, We are witnesses.
Joshua 24:32	And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph.
Judges 1:9	And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites, that dwelt in the mountain, and in the south, and in the valley.
Judges 1:19	And the LORD was with Judah; and he drave out the inhabitants of the mountain; but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley, because they had chariots of iron.
Judges 1:29	Neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer; but the Canaanites dwelt in Gezer among them.
Judges 2:3	Wherefore I also said, I will not drive them out from before you; but they shall be as thorns in your sides, and their gods shall be a snare unto you.
Judges 2:13	And they forsook the LORD, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Judges 2:23	Therefore the LORD left those nations, without driving them out hastily; neither delivered he them into the hand of Joshua.
Judges 3:10	And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him, and he judged Israel, and went out to war: and the LORD delivered Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia into his hand; and his hand prevailed against Chushanrishathaim.
Judges 3:20	And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in a summer parlor, which he had for himself alone. And Ehud said, I have a message from God unto thee. And he arose out of his seat.
Judges 3:30	So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of Israel. And the land had rest fourscore years.
Judges 4:9	And she said, I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honor; for the LORD shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman. And Deborah arose, and went with Barak to Kedesh.
Judges 4:19	And he said unto her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water to drink; for I am thirsty. And she opened a bottle of milk, and gave him drink, and covered him.
Judges 5:5	The mountains melted from before the LORD, even that Sinai from before the LORD God of Israel.
Judges 5:15	And the princes of Issachar were with Deborah; even Issachar, and also Barak: he was sent on foot into the valley. For the divisions of Reuben there were great thoughts of heart.
Judges 5:25	He asked water, and she gave him milk; she brought forth butter in a lordly dish.
Judges 6:4	And they encamped against them, and destroyed the increase of the earth, till thou come unto Gaza, and left no sustenance for Israel, neither sheep, nor ox, nor ass.
Judges 6:14	And the LORD looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee?
Judges 6:24	Then Gideon built an altar there unto the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.
Judges 6:34	But the Spirit of the LORD came upon Gideon, and he blew a trumpet; and Abiezer was gathered after him.
Judges 7:4	And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be, that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall not go.
Judges 7:14	And his fellow answered and said, This is nothing else save the sword of Gideon the son of Joash, a man of Israel: for into his hand hath God delivered Midian, and all the host.
Judges 7:24	And Gideon sent messengers throughout all mount Ephraim, saying, come down against the Midianites, and take before them the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan. Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and took the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan.
Judges 8:9	And he spake also unto the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower.
Judges 8:19	And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my mother: as the LORD liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you.
Judges 8:29	And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house.
Judges 9:4	And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the house of Baalberith, wherewith Abimelech hired vain and light persons, which followed him.
Judges 9:14	Then said all the trees unto the bramble, Come thou, and reign over us.
Judges 9:24	That the cruelty done to the threescore and ten sons of Jerubbaal might come, and their blood be laid upon Abimelech their brother, which slew them; and upon the men of Shechem, which aided him in the killing of his brethren.
Judges 9:34	And Abimelech rose up, and all the people that were with him, by night, and they laid wait against Shechem in four companies.
Judges 9:44	And Abimelech, and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them.
Judges 9:54	Then he called hastily unto the young man his armourbearer, and said unto him, Draw thy sword, and slay me, that men say not of me, A women slew him. And his young man thrust him through, and he died.
Judges 10:7	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.
Judges 10:17	Then the children of Ammon were gathered together, and encamped in Gilead. And the children of Israel assembled themselves together, and encamped in Mizpeh.
Judges 11:9	And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head?
Judges 11:19	And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said unto him, Let us pass, we pray thee, through thy land into my place.
Judges 11:29	Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah, and he passed over Gilead, and Manasseh, and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead, and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over unto the children of Ammon.
Judges 11:39	And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a custom in Israel,
Judges 12:9	And he had thirty sons, and thirty daughters, whom he sent abroad, and took in thirty daughters from abroad for his sons. And he judged Israel seven years.
Judges 13:4	Now therefore beware, I pray thee, and drink not wine nor strong drink, and eat not any unclean thing:
Judges 13:14	She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine, neither let her drink wine or strong drink, nor eat any unclean thing: all that I commanded her let her observe.
Judges 13:24	And the woman bare a son, and called his name Samson: and the child grew, and the LORD blessed him.
Judges 14:9	And he took thereof in his hands, and went on eating, and came to his father and mother, and he gave them, and they did eat: but he told not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion.
Judges 14:19	And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him, and he went down to Ashkelon, and slew thirty men of them, and took their spoil, and gave change of garments unto them which expounded the riddle. And his anger was kindled, and he went up to his father's house.
Judges 15:9	Then the Philistines went up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi.
Judges 15:19	But God clave an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water thereout; and when he had drunk, his spirit came again, and he revived: wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore, which is in Lehi unto this day.
Judges 16:9	Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her in the chamber. And she said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he brake the withes, as a thread of tow is broken when it toucheth the fire. So his strength was not known.
Judges 16:19	And she made him sleep upon her knees; and she called for a man, and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head; and she began to afflict him, and his strength went from him.
Judges 16:29	And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars upon which the house stood, and on which it was borne up, of the one with his right hand, and of the other with his left.
Judges 17:8	And the man departed out of the city from Bethlehemjudah to sojourn where he could find a place: and he came to mount Ephraim to the house of Micah, as he journeyed.
Judges 18:5	And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous.
Judges 18:15	And they turned thitherward, and came to the house of the young man the Levite, even unto the house of Micah, and saluted him.
Judges 18:25	And the children of Dan said unto him, Let not thy voice be heard among us, lest angry fellows run upon thee, and thou lose thy life, with the lives of thy household.
Judges 19:4	And his father in law, the damsel's father, retained him; and he abode with him three days: so they did eat and drink, and lodged there.
Judges 19:14	And they passed on and went their way; and the sun went down upon them when they were by Gibeah, which belongeth to Benjamin.
Judges 19:24	Behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing.
Judges 20:4	And the Levite, the husband of the woman that was slain, answered and said, I came into Gibeah that belongeth to Benjamin, I and my concubine, to lodge.
Judges 20:14	But the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together out of the cities unto Gibeah, to go out to battle against the children of Israel.
Judges 20:24	And the children of Israel came near against the children of Benjamin the second day.
Judges 20:34	And there came against Gibeah ten thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and the battle was sore: but they knew not that evil was near them.
Judges 20:44	And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valor.
Judges 21:6	And the children of Israel repented them for Benjamin their brother, and said, There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day.
Judges 21:16	Then the elders of the congregation said, How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing the women are destroyed out of Benjamin?
Ruth 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of Moab, he, and his wife, and his two sons.
Ruth 1:11	And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will ye go with me? are there yet any more sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands?
Ruth 1:21	I went out full and the LORD hath brought me home again empty: why then call ye me Naomi, seeing the LORD hath testified against me, and the Almighty hath afflicted me?
Ruth 2:9	Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee? and when thou art athirst, go unto the vessels, and drink of that which the young men have drawn.
Ruth 2:19	And her mother in law said unto her, Where hast thou gleaned to day? and where wroughtest thou? blessed be he that did take knowledge of thee. And she showed her mother in law with whom she had wrought, and said, The man's name with whom I wrought to day is Boaz.
Ruth 3:6	And she went down unto the floor, and did according to all that her mother in law bade her.
Ruth 3:16	And when she came to her mother in law, she said, Who art thou, my daughter? And she told her all that the man had done to her.
Ruth 4:8	Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz, Buy it for thee. So he drew off his shoe.
Ruth 4:18	Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron,
1 Samuel 1:6	And her adversary also provoked her sore, for to make her fret, because the LORD had shut up her womb.
1 Samuel 1:16	Count not thine handmaid for a daughter of Belial: for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto.
1 Samuel 1:26	And she said, Oh my lord, as thy soul liveth, my lord, I am the woman that stood by thee here, praying unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:8	He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the LORD's, and he hath set the world upon them.
1 Samuel 2:18	But Samuel ministered before the LORD, being a child, girded with a linen ephod.
1 Samuel 2:28	And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I give unto the house of thy father all the offerings made by fire of the children of Israel?
1 Samuel 3:2	And it came to pass at that time, when Eli was laid down in his place, and his eyes began to wax dim, that he could not see;
1 Samuel 3:12	In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house: when I begin, I will also make an end.
1 Samuel 4:1	And the word of Samuel came to all Israel. Now Israel went out against the Philistines to battle, and pitched beside Ebenezer: and the Philistines pitched in Aphek.
1 Samuel 4:11	And the ark of God was taken; and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were slain.
1 Samuel 4:21	And she named the child Ichabod, saying, The glory is departed from Israel: because the ark of God was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband.
1 Samuel 5:9	And it was so, that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts.
1 Samuel 6:7	Now therefore make a new cart, and take two milch kine, on which there hath come no yoke, and tie the kine to the cart, and bring their calves home from them:
1 Samuel 6:17	And these are the golden emerods which the Philistines returned for a trespass offering unto the LORD; for Ashdod one, for Gaza one, for Askelon one, for Gath one, for Ekron one;
1 Samuel 7:6	And they gathered together to Mizpeh, and drew water, and poured it out before the LORD, and fasted on that day, and said there, We have sinned against the LORD. And Samuel judged the children of Israel in Mizpeh.
1 Samuel 7:16	And he went from year to year in circuit to Bethel, and Gilgal, and Mizpeh, and judged Israel in all those places.
1 Samuel 8:9	Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and show them the manner of the king that shall reign over them.
1 Samuel 8:19	Nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel; and they said, Nay; but we will have a king over us;
1 Samuel 9:7	Then said Saul to his servant, But, behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man? for the bread is spent in our vessels, and there is not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we?
1 Samuel 9:17	And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to thee of! this same shall reign over my people.
1 Samuel 9:27	And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but stand thou still a while, that I may show thee the word of God.
1 Samuel 10:10	And when they came thither to the hill, behold, a company of prophets met him; and the Spirit of God came upon him, and he prophesied among them.
1 Samuel 10:20	And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken.
1 Samuel 11:3	And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, Give us seven days' respite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee.
1 Samuel 11:13	And Saul said, There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to day the LORD hath wrought salvation in Israel.
1 Samuel 12:8	When Jacob was come into Egypt, and your fathers cried unto the LORD, then the LORD sent Moses and Aaron, which brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and made them dwell in this place.
1 Samuel 12:18	So Samuel called unto the LORD; and the LORD sent thunder and rain that day: and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel.
1 Samuel 13:3	And Jonathan smote the garrison of the Philistines that was in Geba, and the Philistines heard of it. And Saul blew the trumpet throughout all the land, saying, Let the Hebrews hear.
1 Samuel 13:13	And Samuel said to Saul, Thou hast done foolishly: thou hast not kept the commandment of the LORD thy God, which he commanded thee: for now would the LORD have established thy kingdom upon Israel for ever.
1 Samuel 13:23	And the garrison of the Philistines went out to the passage of Michmash.
1 Samuel 14:10	But if they say thus, Come up unto us; then we will go up: for the LORD hath delivered them into our hand: and this shall be a sign unto us.
1 Samuel 14:20	And Saul and all the people that were with him assembled themselves, and they came to the battle: and, behold, every man's sword was against his fellow, and there was a very great discomfiture.
1 Samuel 14:30	How much more, if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines?
1 Samuel 14:40	Then said he unto all Israel, Be ye on one side, and I and Jonathan my son will be on the other side. And the people said unto Saul, Do what seemeth good unto thee.
1 Samuel 14:50	And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner, Saul's uncle.
1 Samuel 15:8	And he took Agag the king of the Amalekites alive, and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword.
1 Samuel 15:18	And the LORD sent thee on a journey, and said, Go and utterly destroy the sinners the Amalekites, and fight against them until they be consumed.
1 Samuel 15:28	And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbor of thine, that is better than thou.
1 Samuel 16:3	And call Jesse to the sacrifice, and I will show thee what thou shalt do: and thou shalt anoint unto me him whom I name unto thee.
1 Samuel 16:13	Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren: and the Spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah.
1 Samuel 16:23	And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul, that David took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him.
1 Samuel 17:10	And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.
1 Samuel 17:20	And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle.
1 Samuel 17:30	And he turned from him toward another, and spake after the same manner: and the people answered him again after the former manner.
1 Samuel 17:40	And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.
1 Samuel 17:50	So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David.
1 Samuel 18:2	And Saul took him that day, and would let him go no more home to his father's house.
1 Samuel 18:12	And Saul was afraid of David, because the LORD was with him, and was departed from Saul.
1 Samuel 18:22	And Saul commanded his servants, saying, Commune with David secretly, and say, Behold, the king hath delight in thee, and all his servants love thee: now therefore be the king's son in law.
1 Samuel 19:2	But Jonathan Saul's son delighted much in David: and Jonathan told David, saying, Saul my father seeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pray thee, take heed to thyself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide thyself:
1 Samuel 19:12	So Michal let David down through a window: and he went, and fled, and escaped.
1 Samuel 19:22	Then went he also to Ramah, and came to a great well that is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where are Samuel and David? And one said, Behold, they be at Naioth in Ramah.
1 Samuel 20:8	Therefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant; for thou hast brought thy servant into a covenant of the LORD with thee: notwithstanding, if there be in me iniquity, slay me thyself; for why shouldest thou bring me to thy father?
1 Samuel 20:18	Then Jonathan said to David, To morrow is the new moon: and thou shalt be missed, because thy seat will be empty.
1 Samuel 20:28	And Jonathan answered Saul, David earnestly asked leave of me to go to Bethlehem:
1 Samuel 20:38	And Jonathan cried after the lad, Make speed, haste, stay not. And Jonathan's lad gathered up the arrows, and came to his master.
1 Samuel 21:6	So the priest gave him hallowed bread: for there was no bread there but the showbread, that was taken from before the LORD, to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away.
1 Samuel 22:1	David therefore departed thence, and escaped to the cave Adullam: and when his brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down thither to him.
1 Samuel 22:11	Then the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest, the son of Ahitub, and all his father's house, the priests that were in Nob: and they came all of them to the king.
1 Samuel 22:21	And Abiathar showed David that Saul had slain the LORD's priests.
1 Samuel 23:8	And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men.
1 Samuel 23:18	And they two made a covenant before the LORD: and David abode in the wood, and Jonathan went to his house.
1 Samuel 23:28	Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth.
1 Samuel 24:9	And David said to Saul, Wherefore hearest thou men's words, saying, Behold, David seeketh thy hurt?
1 Samuel 24:19	For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? wherefore the LORD reward thee good for that thou hast done unto me this day.
1 Samuel 25:7	And now I have heard that thou hast shearers: now thy shepherds which were with us, we hurt them not, neither was there ought missing unto them, all the while they were in Carmel.
1 Samuel 25:17	Now therefore know and consider what thou wilt do; for evil is determined against our master, and against all his household: for he is such a son of Belial, that a man cannot speak to him.
1 Samuel 25:27	And now this blessing which thine handmaid hath brought unto my lord, let it even be given unto the young men that follow my lord.
1 Samuel 25:37	But it came to pass in the morning, when the wine was gone out of Nabal, and his wife had told him these things, that his heart died within him, and he became as a stone.
1 Samuel 26:3	And Saul pitched in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon, by the way. But David abode in the wilderness, and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness.
1 Samuel 26:13	Then David went over to the other side, and stood on the top of an hill afar off; a great space being between them:
1 Samuel 26:23	The LORD render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness; for the LORD delivered thee into my hand to day, but I would not stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed.
1 Samuel 27:8	And David and his men went up, and invaded the Geshurites, and the Gezrites, and the Amalekites: for those nations were of old the inhabitants of the land, as thou goest to Shur, even unto the land of Egypt.
1 Samuel 28:6	And when Saul inquired of the LORD, the LORD answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by Urim, nor by prophets.
1 Samuel 28:16	Then said Samuel, Wherefore then dost thou ask of me, seeing the LORD is departed from thee, and is become thine enemy?
1 Samuel 29:1	Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek: and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel.
1 Samuel 29:11	So David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning, to return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezreel.
1 Samuel 30:10	But David pursued, he and four hundred men: for two hundred abode behind, which were so faint that they could not go over the brook Besor.
1 Samuel 30:20	And David took all the flocks and the herds, which they drave before those other cattle, and said, This is David's spoil.
1 Samuel 30:30	And to them which were in Hormah, and to them which were in Chorashan, and to them which were in Athach,
1 Samuel 31:9	And they cut off his head, and stripped off his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to publish it in the house of their idols, and among the people.
2 Samuel 1:6	And the young man that told him said, As I happened by chance upon mount Gilboa, behold, Saul leaned upon his spear; and, lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him.
2 Samuel 1:16	And David said unto him, Thy blood be upon thy head; for thy mouth hath testified against thee, saying, I have slain the LORD's anointed.
2 Samuel 1:26	I am distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.
2 Samuel 2:9	And made him king over Gilead, and over the Ashurites, and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel.
2 Samuel 2:19	And Asahel pursued after Abner; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner.
2 Samuel 2:29	And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bithron, and they came to Mahanaim.
2 Samuel 3:7	And Saul had a concubine, whose name was Rizpah, the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to Abner, Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father's concubine?
2 Samuel 3:17	And Abner had communication with the elders of Israel, saying, Ye sought for David in times past to be king over you:
2 Samuel 3:27	And when Abner was returned to Hebron, Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under the fifth rib, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his brother.
2 Samuel 3:37	For all the people and all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king to slay Abner the son of Ner.
2 Samuel 4:8	And they brought the head of Ishbosheth unto David to Hebron, and said to the king, Behold the head of Ishbosheth the son of Saul thine enemy, which sought thy life; and the LORD hath avenged my lord the king this day of Saul, and of his seed.
2 Samuel 5:6	And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto David, saying, Except thou take away the blind and the lame, thou shalt not come in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither.
2 Samuel 5:16	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet.
2 Samuel 6:1	Again, David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand.
2 Samuel 6:11	And the ark of the LORD continued in the house of Obededom the Gittite three months: and the LORD blessed Obededom, and all his household.
2 Samuel 6:21	And David said unto Michal, It was before the LORD, which chose me before thy father, and before all his house, to appoint me ruler over the people of the LORD, over Israel: therefore will I play before the LORD.
2 Samuel 7:8	Now therefore so shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel:
2 Samuel 7:18	Then went king David in, and sat before the LORD, and he said, Who am I, O Lord GOD? and what is my house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
2 Samuel 7:28	And now, O Lord GOD, thou art that God, and thy words be true, and thou hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:
2 Samuel 8:9	When Toi king of Hamath heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer,
2 Samuel 9:1	And David said, Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul, that I may show him kindness for Jonathan's sake?
2 Samuel 9:11	Then said Ziba unto the king, According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mephibosheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table, as one of the king's sons.
2 Samuel 10:8	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array at the entering in of the gate: and the Syrians of Zoba, and of Rehob, and Ishtob, and Maacah, were by themselves in the field.
2 Samuel 10:18	And the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there.
2 Samuel 11:9	But Uriah slept at the door of the king's house with all the servants of his lord, and went not down to his house.
2 Samuel 11:19	And charged the messenger, saying, When thou hast made an end of telling the matters of the war unto the king,
2 Samuel 12:2	The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds:
2 Samuel 12:12	For thou didst it secretly: but I will do this thing before all Israel, and before the sun.
2 Samuel 12:22	And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live?
2 Samuel 13:1	And it came to pass after this, that Absalom the son of David had a fair sister, whose name was Tamar; and Amnon the son of David loved her.
2 Samuel 13:11	And when she had brought them unto him to eat, he took hold of her, and said unto her, Come lie with me, my sister.
2 Samuel 13:21	But when king David heard of all these things, he was very wroth.
2 Samuel 13:31	Then the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all his servants stood by with their clothes rent.
2 Samuel 14:2	And Joab sent to Tekoah, and fetched thence a wise woman, and said unto her, I pray thee, feign thyself to be a mourner, and put on now mourning apparel, and anoint not thyself with oil, but be as a woman that had a long time mourned for the dead:
2 Samuel 14:12	Then the woman said, Let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak one word unto my lord the king. And he said, Say on.
2 Samuel 14:22	And Joab fell to the ground on his face, and bowed himself, and thanked the king: and Joab said, To day thy servant knoweth that I have found grace in thy sight, my lord, O king, in that the king hath fulfilled the request of his servant.
2 Samuel 14:32	And Absalom answered Joab, Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the king, to say, Wherefore am I come from Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me.
2 Samuel 15:9	And the king said unto him, Go in peace. So he arose, and went to Hebron.
2 Samuel 15:19	Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art a stranger, and also an exile.
2 Samuel 15:29	Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to Jerusalem: and they tarried there.
2 Samuel 16:2	And the king said unto Ziba, What meanest thou by these? And Ziba said, The asses be for the king's household to ride on; and the bread and summer fruit for the young men to eat; and the wine, that such as be faint in the wilderness may drink.
2 Samuel 16:12	It may be that the LORD will look on mine affliction, and that the LORD will requite me good for his cursing this day.
2 Samuel 16:22	So they spread Absalom a tent upon the top of the house; and Absalom went in unto his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel.
2 Samuel 17:9	Behold, he is hid now in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom.
2 Samuel 17:19	And the woman took and spread a covering over the well's mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known.
2 Samuel 17:29	And honey, and butter, and sheep, and cheese of kine, for David, and for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty, in the wilderness.
2 Samuel 18:10	And a certain man saw it, and told Joab, and said, Behold, I saw Absalom hanged in an oak.
2 Samuel 18:20	And Joab said unto him, Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day: but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king's son is dead.
2 Samuel 18:30	And the king said unto him, Turn aside, and stand here. And he turned aside, and stood still.
2 Samuel 19:7	Now therefore arise, go forth, and speak comfortably unto thy servants: for I swear by the LORD, if thou go not forth, there will not tarry one with thee this night: and that will be worse unto thee than all the evil that befell thee from thy youth until now.
2 Samuel 19:17	And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him, and Ziba the servant of the house of Saul, and his fifteen sons and his twenty servants with him; and they went over Jordan before the king.
2 Samuel 19:27	And he hath slandered thy servant unto my lord the king; but my lord the king is as an angel of God: do therefore what is good in thine eyes.
2 Samuel 19:37	Let thy servant, I pray thee, turn back again, that I may die in mine own city, and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother. But behold thy servant Chimham; let him go over with my lord the king; and do to him what shall seem good unto thee.
2 Samuel 20:4	Then said the king to Amasa, Assemble me the men of Judah within three days, and be thou here present.
2 Samuel 20:14	And he went through all the tribes of Israel unto Abel, and to Bethmaachah, and all the Berites: and they were gathered together, and went also after him.
2 Samuel 20:24	And Adoram was over the tribute: and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder:
2 Samuel 21:8	But the king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, whom she bare unto Saul, Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brought up for Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite:
2 Samuel 21:18	And it came to pass after this, that there was again a battle with the Philistines at Gob: then Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Saph, which was of the sons of the giant.
2 Samuel 22:6	The sorrows of hell compassed me about; the snares of death prevented me;
2 Samuel 22:16	And the channels of the sea appeared, the foundations of the world were discovered, at the rebuking of the LORD, at the blast of the breath of his nostrils.
2 Samuel 22:26	With the merciful thou wilt show thyself merciful, and with the upright man thou wilt show thyself upright.
2 Samuel 22:36	Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and thy gentleness hath made me great.
2 Samuel 22:46	Strangers shall fade away, and they shall be afraid out of their close places.
2 Samuel 23:5	Although my house be not so with God; yet he hath made with me an everlasting covenant, ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all my salvation, and all my desire, although he make it not to grow.
2 Samuel 23:15	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate!
2 Samuel 23:25	Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite,
2 Samuel 23:35	Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite,
2 Samuel 24:6	Then they came to Gilead, and to the land of Tahtimhodshi; and they came to Danjaan, and about to Zidon,
2 Samuel 24:16	And when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy it, the LORD repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed the people, It is enough: stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD was by the threshingplace of Araunah the Jebusite.
1 Kings 1:1	Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he gat no heat.
1 Kings 1:11	Wherefore Nathan spake unto Bathsheba the mother of Solomon, saying, Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign, and David our lord knoweth it not?
1 Kings 1:21	Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders.
1 Kings 1:31	Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever.
1 Kings 1:41	And Adonijah and all the guests that were with him heard it as they had made an end of eating. And when Joab heard the sound of the trumpet, he said, Wherefore is this noise of the city being in an uproar?
1 Kings 1:51	And it was told Solomon, saying, Behold, Adonijah feareth king Solomon: for, lo, he hath caught hold on the horns of the altar, saying, Let king Solomon swear unto me today that he will not slay his servant with the sword.
1 Kings 2:8	And, behold, thou hast with thee Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite of Bahurim, which cursed me with a grievous curse in the day when I went to Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jordan, and I sware to him by the LORD, saying, I will not put thee to death with the sword.
1 Kings 2:18	And Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the king.
1 Kings 2:28	Then tidings came to Joab: for Joab had turned after Adonijah, though he turned not after Absalom. And Joab fled unto the tabernacle of the LORD, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.
1 Kings 2:38	And Shimei said unto the king, The saying is good: as my lord the king hath said, so will thy servant do. And Shimei dwelt in Jerusalem many days.
1 Kings 3:2	Only the people sacrificed in high places, because there was no house built unto the name of the LORD, until those days.
1 Kings 3:12	Behold, I have done according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart; so that there was none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee.
1 Kings 3:22	And the other woman said, Nay; but the living is my son, and the dead is thy son. And this said, No; but the dead is thy son, and the living is my son. Thus they spake before the king.
1 Kings 4:4	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests:
1 Kings 4:14	Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim:
1 Kings 4:24	For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had peace on all sides round about him.
1 Kings 4:34	And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.
1 Kings 5:10	So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according to all his desire.
1 Kings 6:2	And the house which king Solomon built for the LORD, the length thereof was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits.
1 Kings 6:12	Concerning this house which thou art in building, if thou wilt walk in my statutes, and execute my judgments, and keep all my commandments to walk in them; then will I perform my word with thee, which I spake unto David thy father:
1 Kings 6:22	And the whole house he overlaid with gold, until he had finished all the house: also the whole altar that was by the oracle he overlaid with gold.
1 Kings 6:32	The two doors also were of olive tree; and he carved upon them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers, and overlaid them with gold, and spread gold upon the cherubim, and upon the palm trees.
1 Kings 7:4	And there were windows in three rows, and light was against light in three ranks.
1 Kings 7:14	He was a widow's son of the tribe of Naphtali, and his father was a man of Tyre, a worker in brass: and he was filled with wisdom, and understanding, and cunning to work all works in brass. And he came to king Solomon, and wrought all his work.
1 Kings 7:24	And under the brim of it round about there were knops compassing it, ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about: the knops were cast in two rows, when it was cast.
1 Kings 7:34	And there were four undersetters to the four corners of one base: and the undersetters were of the very base itself.
1 Kings 7:44	And one sea, and twelve oxen under the sea;
1 Kings 8:3	And all the elders of Israel came, and the priests took up the ark.
1 Kings 8:13	I have surely built thee an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for ever.
1 Kings 8:23	And he said, LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee, in heaven above, or on earth beneath, who keepest covenant and mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their heart:
1 Kings 8:33	When thy people Israel be smitten down before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee, and shall turn again to thee, and confess thy name, and pray, and make supplication unto thee in this house:
1 Kings 8:43	Hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy name, to fear thee, as do thy people Israel; and that they may know that this house, which I have builded, is called by thy name.
1 Kings 8:53	For thou didst separate them from among all the people of the earth, to be thine inheritance, as thou spakest by the hand of Moses thy servant, when thou broughtest our fathers out of Egypt, O LORD God.
1 Kings 8:63	And Solomon offered a sacrifice of peace offerings, which he offered unto the LORD, two and twenty thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep. So the king and all the children of Israel dedicated the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 9:7	Then will I cut off Israel out of the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have hallowed for my name, will I cast out of my sight; and Israel shall be a proverb and a byword among all people:
1 Kings 9:17	And Solomon built Gezer, and Bethhoron the nether,
1 Kings 9:27	And Hiram sent in the navy his servants, shipmen that had knowledge of the sea, with the servants of Solomon.
1 Kings 10:9	Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice.
1 Kings 10:19	The throne had six steps, and the top of the throne was round behind: and there were stays on either side on the place of the seat, and two lions stood beside the stays.
1 Kings 10:29	And a chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, did they bring them out by their means.
1 Kings 11:10	And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the LORD commanded.
1 Kings 11:20	And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned in Pharaoh's house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of Pharaoh.
1 Kings 11:30	And Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him, and rent it in twelve pieces:
1 Kings 11:40	Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon.
1 Kings 12:7	And they spake unto him, saying, If thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day, and wilt serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for ever.
1 Kings 12:17	But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
1 Kings 12:27	If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, then shall the heart of this people turn again unto their lord, even unto Rehoboam king of Judah, and they shall kill me, and go again to Rehoboam king of Judah.
1 Kings 13:4	And it came to pass, when king Jeroboam heard the saying of the man of God, which had cried against the altar in Bethel, that he put forth his hand from the altar, saying, Lay hold on him. And his hand, which he put forth against him, dried up, so that he could not pull it in again to him.
1 Kings 13:14	And went after the man of God, and found him sitting under an oak: and he said unto him, Art thou the man of God that camest from Judah? And he said, I am.
1 Kings 13:24	And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carcass was cast in the way, and the ass stood by it, the lion also stood by the carcass.
1 Kings 13:34	And this thing became sin unto the house of Jeroboam, even to cut it off, and to destroy it from off the face of the earth.
1 Kings 14:10	Therefore, behold, I will bring evil upon the house of Jeroboam, and will cut off from Jeroboam him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel, and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam, as a man taketh away dung, till it be all gone.
1 Kings 14:20	And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years: and he slept with his fathers, and Nadab his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 14:30	And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days.
1 Kings 15:9	And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam king of Israel reigned Asa over Judah.
1 Kings 15:19	There is a league between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of silver and gold; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.
1 Kings 15:29	And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the house of Jeroboam; he left not to Jeroboam any that breathed, until he had destroyed him, according unto the saying of the LORD, which he spake by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite:
1 Kings 16:5	Now the rest of the acts of Baasha, and what he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 16:15	In the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah did Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines.
1 Kings 16:25	But Omri wrought evil in the eyes of the LORD, and did worse than all that were before him.
1 Kings 17:1	And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As the LORD God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.
1 Kings 17:11	And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand.
1 Kings 17:21	And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child's soul come into him again.
1 Kings 18:7	And as Obadiah was in the way, behold, Elijah met him: and he knew him, and fell on his face, and said, Art thou that my lord Elijah?
1 Kings 18:17	And it came to pass, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel?
1 Kings 18:27	And it came to pass at noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or peradventure he sleepeth, and must be awaked.
1 Kings 18:37	Hear me, O LORD, hear me, that this people may know that thou art the LORD God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again.
1 Kings 19:1	And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword.
1 Kings 19:11	And he said, Go forth, and stand upon the mount before the LORD. And, behold, the LORD passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the LORD was not in the earthquake:
1 Kings 19:21	And he returned back from him, and took a yoke of oxen, and slew them, and boiled their flesh with the instruments of the oxen, and gave unto the people, and they did eat. Then he arose, and went after Elijah, and ministered unto him.
1 Kings 20:10	And Benhadad sent unto him, and said, The gods do so unto me, and more also, if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me.
1 Kings 20:20	And they slew every one his man: and the Syrians fled; and Israel pursued them: and Benhadad the king of Syria escaped on an horse with the horsemen.
1 Kings 20:30	But the rest fled to Aphek, into the city; and there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad fled, and came into the city, into an inner chamber.
1 Kings 20:40	And as thy servant was busy here and there, he was gone. And the king of Israel said unto him, So shall thy judgment be; thyself hast decided it.
1 Kings 21:7	And Jezebel his wife said unto him, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise, and eat bread, and let thine heart be merry: I will give thee the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite.
1 Kings 21:17	And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,
1 Kings 21:27	And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his flesh, and fasted, and lay in sackcloth, and went softly.
1 Kings 22:8	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.
1 Kings 22:18	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil?
1 Kings 22:28	And Micaiah said, If thou return at all in peace, the LORD hath not spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, O people, every one of you.
1 Kings 22:38	And one washed the chariot in the pool of Samaria; and the dogs licked up his blood; and they washed his armor; according unto the word of the LORD which he spake.
1 Kings 22:48	Jehoshaphat made ships of Tharshish to go to Ophir for gold: but they went not; for the ships were broken at Eziongeber.
2 Kings 1:5	And when the messengers turned back unto him, he said unto them, Why are ye now turned back?
2 Kings 1:15	And the angel of the LORD said unto Elijah, Go down with him: be not afraid of him. And he arose, and went down with him unto the king.
2 Kings 2:7	And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went, and stood to view afar off: and they two stood by Jordan.
2 Kings 2:17	And when they urged him till he was ashamed, he said, Send. They sent therefore fifty men; and they sought three days, but found him not.
2 Kings 3:2	And he wrought evil in the sight of the LORD; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put away the image of Baal that his father had made.
2 Kings 3:12	And Jehoshaphat said, The word of the LORD is with him. So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king of Edom went down to him.
2 Kings 3:22	And they rose up early in the morning, and the sun shone upon the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red as blood:
2 Kings 4:5	So she went from him, and shut the door upon her and upon her sons, who brought the vessels to her; and she poured out.
2 Kings 4:15	And he said, Call her. And when he had called her, she stood in the door.
2 Kings 4:25	So she went and came unto the man of God to mount Carmel. And it came to pass, when the man of God saw her afar off, that he said to Gehazi his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shunammite:
2 Kings 4:35	Then he returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched himself upon him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes.
2 Kings 5:1	Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honorable, because by him the LORD had given deliverance unto Syria: he was also a mighty man in valor, but he was a leper.
2 Kings 5:11	But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.
2 Kings 5:21	So Gehazi followed after Naaman. And when Naaman saw him running after him, he lighted down from the chariot to meet him, and said, Is all well?
2 Kings 6:4	So he went with them. And when they came to Jordan, they cut down wood.
2 Kings 6:14	Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed the city about.
2 Kings 6:24	And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad king of Syria gathered all his host, and went up, and besieged Samaria.
2 Kings 7:1	Then Elisha said, Hear ye the word of the LORD; Thus saith the LORD, To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, in the gate of Samaria.
2 Kings 7:11	And he called the porters; and they told it to the king's house within.
2 Kings 8:1	Then spake Elisha unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn: for the LORD hath called for a famine; and it shall also come upon the land seven years.
2 Kings 8:11	And he settled his countenance stedfastly, until he was ashamed: and the man of God wept.
2 Kings 8:21	So Joram went over to Zair, and all the chariots with him: and he rose by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled into their tents.
2 Kings 9:2	And when thou comest thither, look out there Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi, and go in, and make him arise up from among his brethren, and carry him to an inner chamber;
2 Kings 9:12	And they said, It is false; tell us now. And he said, Thus and thus spake he to me, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel.
2 Kings 9:22	And it came to pass, when Joram saw Jehu, that he said, Is it peace, Jehu? And he answered, What peace, so long as the whoredoms of thy mother Jezebel and her witchcrafts are so many?
2 Kings 9:32	And he lifted up his face to the window, and said, Who is on my side? who? And there looked out to him two or three eunuchs.
2 Kings 10:5	And he that was over the house, and he that was over the city, the elders also, and the bringers up of the children, sent to Jehu, saying, We are thy servants, and will do all that thou shalt bid us; we will not make any king: do thou that which is good in thine eyes.
2 Kings 10:15	And when he was departed thence, he lighted on Jehonadab the son of Rechab coming to meet him: and he saluted him, and said to him, Is thine heart right, as my heart is with thy heart? And Jehonadab answered, It is. If it be, give me thine hand. And he gave him his hand; and he took him up to him into the chariot.
2 Kings 10:25	And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that Jehu said to the guard and to the captains, Go in, and slay them; let none come forth. And they smote them with the edge of the sword; and the guard and the captains cast them out, and went to the city of the house of Baal.
2 Kings 10:35	And Jehu slept with his fathers: and they buried him in Samaria. And Jehoahaz his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 11:9	And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest commanded: and they took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that should go out on the sabbath, and came to Jehoiada the priest.
2 Kings 11:19	And he took the rulers over hundreds, and the captains, and the guard, and all the people of the land; and they brought down the king from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the gate of the guard to the king's house. And he sat on the throne of the kings.
2 Kings 12:8	And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people, neither to repair the breaches of the house.
2 Kings 12:18	And Jehoash king of Judah took all the hallowed things that Jehoshaphat, and Jehoram, and Ahaziah, his fathers, kings of Judah, had dedicated, and his own hallowed things, and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and in the king's house, and sent it to Hazael king of Syria: and he went away from Jerusalem.
2 Kings 13:7	Neither did he leave of the people to Jehoahaz but fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen; for the king of Syria had destroyed them, and had made them like the dust by threshing.
2 Kings 13:17	And he said, Open the window eastward. And he opened it. Then Elisha said, Shoot. And he shot. And he said, The arrow of the LORD's deliverance, and the arrow of deliverance from Syria: for thou shalt smite the Syrians in Aphek, till thou have consumed them.
2 Kings 14:2	He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 14:12	And Judah was put to the worse before Israel; and they fled every man to their tents.
2 Kings 14:22	He built Elath, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.
2 Kings 15:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah had done;
2 Kings 15:13	Shallum the son of Jabesh began to reign in the nine and thirtieth year of Uzziah king of Judah; and he reigned a full month in Samaria.
2 Kings 15:23	In the fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekahiah the son of Menahem began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned two years.
2 Kings 15:33	Five and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jerusha, the daughter of Zadok.
2 Kings 16:5	Then Rezin king of Syria and Pekah son of Remaliah king of Israel came up to Jerusalem to war: and they besieged Ahaz, but could not overcome him.
2 Kings 16:15	And king Ahaz commanded Urijah the priest, saying, Upon the great altar burn the morning burnt offering, and the evening meat offering, and the king's burnt sacrifice, and his meat offering, with the burnt offering of all the people of the land, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings; and sprinkle upon it all the blood of the burnt offering, and all the blood of the sacrifice: and the brazen altar shall be for me to enquire by.
2 Kings 17:5	Then the king of Assyria came up throughout all the land, and went up to Samaria, and besieged it three years.
2 Kings 17:15	And they rejected his statutes, and his covenant that he made with their fathers, and his testimonies which he testified against them; and they followed vanity, and became vain, and went after the heathen that were round about them, concerning whom the LORD had charged them, that they should not do like them.
2 Kings 17:25	And so it was at the beginning of their dwelling there, that they feared not the LORD: therefore the LORD sent lions among them, which slew some of them.
2 Kings 17:35	With whom the LORD had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, Ye shall not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them:
2 Kings 18:4	He removed the high places, and brake the images, and cut down the groves, and brake in pieces the brazen serpent that Moses had made: for unto those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it Nehushtan.
2 Kings 18:14	And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to Lachish, saying, I have offended; return from me: that which thou puttest on me will I bear. And the king of Assyria appointed unto Hezekiah king of Judah three hundred talents of silver and thirty talents of gold.
2 Kings 18:24	How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?
2 Kings 18:34	Where are the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria out of mine hand?
2 Kings 19:7	Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumor, and shall return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.
2 Kings 19:17	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have destroyed the nations and their lands,
2 Kings 19:27	But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.
2 Kings 19:37	And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword: and they escaped into the land of Armenia. And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 20:10	And Hezekiah answered, It is a light thing for the shadow to go down ten degrees: nay, but let the shadow return backward ten degrees.
2 Kings 20:20	And the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool, and a conduit, and brought water into the city, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 21:9	But they hearkened not: and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel.
2 Kings 21:19	Amon was twenty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned two years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Meshullemeth, the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah.
2 Kings 22:3	And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying,
2 Kings 22:13	Go ye, enquire of the LORD for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not hearkened unto the words of this book, to do according unto all that which is written concerning us.
2 Kings 23:3	And the king stood by a pillar, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all their heart and all their soul, to perform the words of this covenant that were written in this book. And all the people stood to the covenant.
2 Kings 23:13	And the high places that were before Jerusalem, which were on the right hand of the mount of corruption, which Solomon the king of Israel had builded for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians, and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites, and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon, did the king defile.
2 Kings 23:23	But in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, wherein this passover was holden to the LORD in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:33	And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath, that he might not reign in Jerusalem; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver, and a talent of gold.
2 Kings 24:6	So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 24:16	And all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:6	So they took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah; and they gave judgment upon him.
2 Kings 25:16	The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the house of the LORD; the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
2 Kings 25:26	And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose, and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees.
1 Chronicles 1:6	And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
1 Chronicles 1:16	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.
1 Chronicles 1:26	Serug, Nahor, Terah,
1 Chronicles 1:36	The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek.
1 Chronicles 1:46	And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
1 Chronicles 2:2	Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
1 Chronicles 2:12	And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,
1 Chronicles 2:22	And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 2:32	And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.
1 Chronicles 2:42	Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron.
1 Chronicles 2:52	And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.
1 Chronicles 3:7	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 3:17	And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,
1 Chronicles 4:3	And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:
1 Chronicles 4:13	And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath.
1 Chronicles 4:23	These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work.
1 Chronicles 4:33	And all their villages that were round about the same cities, unto Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy.
1 Chronicles 4:43	And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day.
1 Chronicles 5:10	And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:20	And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him.
1 Chronicles 6:4	Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua,
1 Chronicles 6:14	And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,
1 Chronicles 6:24	Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son.
1 Chronicles 6:34	The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,
1 Chronicles 6:44	And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch,
1 Chronicles 6:54	Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot.
1 Chronicles 6:64	And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs.
1 Chronicles 6:74	And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 7:3	And the sons of Uzzi; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; Michael, and Obadiah, and Joel, Ishiah, five: all of them chief men.
1 Chronicles 7:13	The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah.
1 Chronicles 7:23	And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house.
1 Chronicles 7:33	And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet.
1 Chronicles 8:3	And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,
1 Chronicles 8:13	Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
1 Chronicles 8:23	And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,
1 Chronicles 8:33	And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 9:3	And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh;
1 Chronicles 9:13	And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 9:23	So they and their children had the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, namely, the house of the tabernacle, by wards.
1 Chronicles 9:33	And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night.
1 Chronicles 9:43	And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son.
1 Chronicles 10:9	And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people.
1 Chronicles 11:5	And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come hither. Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:15	Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Chronicles 11:25	Behold, he was honorable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and David set him over his guard.
1 Chronicles 11:35	Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur,
1 Chronicles 11:45	Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite,
1 Chronicles 12:8	And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;
1 Chronicles 12:18	Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.
1 Chronicles 12:28	And Zadok, a young man mighty of valor, and of his father's house twenty and two captains.
1 Chronicles 12:38	All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king.
1 Chronicles 13:8	And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets.
1 Chronicles 14:4	Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,
1 Chronicles 14:14	Therefore David inquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.
1 Chronicles 15:7	Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief and his brethren an hundred and thirty:
1 Chronicles 15:17	So the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel; and of his brethren, Asaph the son of Berechiah; and of the sons of Merari their brethren, Ethan the son of Kushaiah;
1 Chronicles 15:27	And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen, and all the Levites that bare the ark, and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also had upon him an ephod of linen.
1 Chronicles 16:8	Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among the people.
1 Chronicles 16:18	Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;
1 Chronicles 16:28	Give unto the LORD, ye kindred of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
1 Chronicles 16:38	And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters:
1 Chronicles 17:5	For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another.
1 Chronicles 17:15	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.
1 Chronicles 17:25	For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee.
1 Chronicles 18:8	Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brazen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.
1 Chronicles 19:1	Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 19:11	And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abishai his brother, and they set themselves in array against the children of Ammon.
1 Chronicles 20:2	And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David's head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city.
1 Chronicles 21:4	Nevertheless the king's word prevailed against Joab. Wherefore Joab departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 21:14	So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.
1 Chronicles 21:24	And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.
1 Chronicles 22:4	Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.
1 Chronicles 22:14	Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto.
1 Chronicles 23:5	Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith.
1 Chronicles 23:15	The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer.
1 Chronicles 23:25	For David said, The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people, that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever:
1 Chronicles 24:3	And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service.
1 Chronicles 24:13	The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to Jeshebeab,
1 Chronicles 24:23	And the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, Jekameam the fourth.
1 Chronicles 25:2	Of the sons of Asaph; Zaccur, and Joseph, and Nethaniah, and Asarelah, the sons of Asaph under the hands of Asaph, which prophesied according to the order of the king.
1 Chronicles 25:12	The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:22	The fifteenth to Jeremoth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:1	Concerning the divisions of the porters: Of the Korhites was Meshelemiah the son of Kore, of the sons of Asaph.
1 Chronicles 26:11	Hilkiah the second, Tebaliah the third, Zechariah the fourth: all the sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen.
1 Chronicles 26:21	As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli.
1 Chronicles 26:31	Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief, even among the Hebronites, according to the generations of his fathers. In the fortieth year of the reign of David they were sought for, and there were found among them mighty men of valor at Jazer of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 27:9	The sixth captain for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:19	Of Zebulun, Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah: of Naphtali, Jerimoth the son of Azriel:
1 Chronicles 27:29	And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were in the valleys was Shaphat the son of Adlai:
1 Chronicles 28:5	And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many sons,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel.
1 Chronicles 28:15	Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold, and for their lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every candlestick.
1 Chronicles 29:4	Even three thousand talents of gold, of the gold of Ophir, and seven thousand talents of refined silver, to overlay the walls of the houses withal:
1 Chronicles 29:14	But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee.
1 Chronicles 29:24	And all the princes, and the mighty men, and all the sons likewise of king David, submitted themselves unto Solomon the king.
2 Chronicles 1:4	But the ark of God had David brought up from Kirjathjearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 1:14	And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 2:7	Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provide.
2 Chronicles 2:17	And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred.
2 Chronicles 3:9	And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold.
2 Chronicles 4:2	Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubits the height thereof; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.
2 Chronicles 4:12	To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars;
2 Chronicles 4:22	And the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner doors thereof for the most holy place, and the doors of the house of the temple, were of gold.
2 Chronicles 5:10	There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 6:6	But I have chosen Jerusalem, that my name might be there; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:16	Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon the throne of Israel; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast walked before me.
2 Chronicles 6:26	When the heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou dost afflict them;
2 Chronicles 6:36	If they sin against thee, (for there is no man which sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near;
2 Chronicles 7:4	Then the king and all the people offered sacrifices before the LORD.
2 Chronicles 7:14	If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
2 Chronicles 8:2	That the cities which Huram had restored to Solomon, Solomon built them, and caused the children of Israel to dwell there.
2 Chronicles 8:12	Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch,
2 Chronicles 9:4	And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel; his cupbearers also, and their apparel; and his ascent by which he went up into the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.
2 Chronicles 9:14	Beside that which chapmen and merchants brought. And all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country brought gold and silver to Solomon.
2 Chronicles 9:24	And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.
2 Chronicles 10:3	And they sent and called him. So Jeroboam and all Israel came and spake to Rehoboam, saying,
2 Chronicles 10:13	And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,
2 Chronicles 11:4	Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren: return every man to his house: for this thing is done of me. And they obeyed the words of the LORD, and returned from going against Jeroboam.
2 Chronicles 11:14	For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession, and came to Judah and Jerusalem: for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest's office unto the LORD:
2 Chronicles 12:1	And it came to pass, when Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all Israel with him.
2 Chronicles 12:11	And when the king entered into the house of the LORD, the guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into the guard chamber.
2 Chronicles 13:5	Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of Israel gave the kingdom over Israel to David for ever, even to him and to his sons by a covenant of salt?
2 Chronicles 13:15	Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Judah shouted, it came to pass, that God smote Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah.
2 Chronicles 14:3	For he took away the altars of the strange gods, and the high places, and brake down the images, and cut down the groves:
2 Chronicles 14:13	And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD, and before his host; and they carried away very much spoil.
2 Chronicles 15:8	And when Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Oded the prophet, he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin, and out of the cities which he had taken from mount Ephraim, and renewed the altar of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 15:18	And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels.
2 Chronicles 16:9	For the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him. Herein thou hast done foolishly: therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars.
2 Chronicles 17:5	Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honor in abundance.
2 Chronicles 17:15	And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand.
2 Chronicles 18:6	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?
2 Chronicles 18:16	Then he said, I did see all Israel scattered upon the mountains, as sheep that have no shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master; let them return therefore every man to his house in peace.
2 Chronicles 18:26	And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I return in peace.
2 Chronicles 19:2	And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD? therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD.
2 Chronicles 20:1	It came to pass after this also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other beside the Ammonites, came against Jehoshaphat to battle.
2 Chronicles 20:11	Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit.
2 Chronicles 20:21	And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his mercy endureth for ever.
2 Chronicles 20:31	And Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah: he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.
2 Chronicles 21:4	Now when Jehoram was risen up to the kingdom of his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brethren with the sword, and divers also of the princes of Israel.
2 Chronicles 21:14	Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite thy people, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods:
2 Chronicles 22:4	Wherefore he did evil in the sight of the LORD like the house of Ahab: for they were his counselors after the death of his father to his destruction.
2 Chronicles 23:2	And they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 23:12	Now when Athaliah heard the noise of the people running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of the LORD:
2 Chronicles 24:1	Joash was seven years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Zibiah of Beersheba.
2 Chronicles 24:11	Now it came to pass, that at what time the chest was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance.
2 Chronicles 24:21	And they conspired against him, and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 25:4	But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses, where the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall die for his own sin.
2 Chronicles 25:14	Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned incense unto them.
2 Chronicles 25:24	And he took all the gold and the silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 26:6	And he went forth and warred against the Philistines, and brake down the wall of Gath, and the wall of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines.
2 Chronicles 26:16	But when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his destruction: for he transgressed against the LORD his God, and went into the temple of the LORD to burn incense upon the altar of incense.
2 Chronicles 27:3	He built the high gate of the house of the LORD, and on the wall of Ophel he built much.
2 Chronicles 28:4	He sacrificed also and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.
2 Chronicles 28:14	So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the congregation.
2 Chronicles 28:24	And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the doors of the house of the LORD, and he made him altars in every corner of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 29:7	Also they have shut up the doors of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burned incense nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 29:17	Now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify, and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of the LORD: so they sanctified the house of the LORD in eight days; and in the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end.
2 Chronicles 29:27	And Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel.
2 Chronicles 30:1	And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah, and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh, that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 30:11	Nevertheless divers of Asher and Manasseh and of Zebulun humbled themselves, and came to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 30:21	And the children of Israel that were present at Jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness: and the Levites and the priests praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud instruments unto the LORD.
2 Chronicles 31:4	Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 31:14	And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite, the porter toward the east, was over the freewill offerings of God, to distribute the oblations of the LORD, and the most holy things.
2 Chronicles 32:3	He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him.
2 Chronicles 32:13	Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand?
2 Chronicles 32:23	And many brought gifts unto the LORD to Jerusalem, and presents to Hezekiah king of Judah: so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from thenceforth.
2 Chronicles 32:33	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the sepulchres of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did him honor at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 33:10	And the LORD spake to Manasseh, and to his people: but they would not hearken.
2 Chronicles 33:20	So Manasseh slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 34:5	And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:15	And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah delivered the book to Shaphan.
2 Chronicles 34:25	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched.
2 Chronicles 35:2	And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD,
2 Chronicles 35:12	And they removed the burnt offerings, that they might give according to the divisions of the families of the people, to offer unto the LORD, as it is written in the book of Moses. And so did they with the oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:22	Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo.
2 Chronicles 36:5	Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God.
2 Chronicles 36:15	And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:
Ezra 1:2	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah.
Ezra 2:1	Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;
Ezra 2:11	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:21	The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:31	The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:41	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight.
Ezra 2:51	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
Ezra 2:61	And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name:
Ezra 3:1	And when the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem.
Ezra 3:11	And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD; because he is good, for his mercy endureth for ever toward Israel. And all the people shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.
Ezra 4:8	Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort:
Ezra 4:18	The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me.
Ezra 5:4	Then said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?
Ezra 5:14	And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that was in Jerusalem, and brought them into the temple of Babylon, those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were delivered unto one, whose name was Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;
Ezra 6:7	Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.
Ezra 6:17	And offered at the dedication of this house of God an hundred bullocks, two hundred rams, four hundred lambs; and for a sin offering for all Israel, twelve he goats, according to the number of the tribes of Israel.
Ezra 7:5	The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest:
Ezra 7:15	And to carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellors have freely offered unto the God of Israel, whose habitation is in Jerusalem,
Ezra 7:25	And thou, Ezra, after the wisdom of thy God, that is in thine hand, set magistrates and judges, which may judge all the people that are beyond the river, all such as know the laws of thy God; and teach ye them that know them not.
Ezra 8:7	And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy males.
Ezra 8:17	And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God.
Ezra 8:27	Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold.
Ezra 9:1	Now when these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people of the lands, doing according to their abominations, even of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and the Amorites.
Ezra 9:11	Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness.
Ezra 10:6	Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thither, he did eat no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried away.
Ezra 10:16	And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.
Ezra 10:26	And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah.
Ezra 10:36	Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib,
Nehemiah 1:2	That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 2:1	And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto the king. Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence.
Nehemiah 2:11	So I came to Jerusalem, and was there three days.
Nehemiah 3:1	Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel.
Nehemiah 3:11	Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahathmoab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.
Nehemiah 3:21	After him repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of Koz another piece, from the door of the house of Eliashib even to the end of the house of Eliashib.
Nehemiah 3:31	After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.
Nehemiah 4:9	Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.
Nehemiah 4:19	And I said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, The work is great and large, and we are separated upon the wall, one far from another.
Nehemiah 5:6	And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.
Nehemiah 5:16	Yea, also I continued in the work of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants were gathered thither unto the work.
Nehemiah 6:7	And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in Judah: and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words. Come now therefore, and let us take counsel together.
Nehemiah 6:17	Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them.
Nehemiah 7:8	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Nehemiah 7:18	The children of Adonikam, six hundred threescore and seven.
Nehemiah 7:28	The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two.
Nehemiah 7:38	The children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty.
Nehemiah 7:48	The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,
Nehemiah 7:58	The children of Jaala, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
Nehemiah 7:68	Their horses, seven hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:
Nehemiah 8:5	And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up:
Nehemiah 8:15	And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written.
Nehemiah 9:7	Thou art the LORD the God, who didst choose Abram, and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees, and gavest him the name of Abraham;
Nehemiah 9:17	And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsookest them not.
Nehemiah 9:27	Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and according to thy manifold mercies thou gavest them saviours, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies.
Nehemiah 9:37	And it yieldeth much increase unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they have dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we are in great distress.
Nehemiah 10:9	And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel;
Nehemiah 10:19	Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai,
Nehemiah 10:29	They clave to their brethren, their nobles, and entered into a curse, and into an oath, to walk in God's law, which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the LORD our Lord, and his judgments and his statutes;
Nehemiah 10:39	For the children of Israel and the children of Levi shall bring the offering of the corn, of the new wine, and the oil, unto the chambers, where are the vessels of the sanctuary, and the priests that minister, and the porters, and the singers: and we will not forsake the house of our God.
Nehemiah 11:10	Of the priests: Jedaiah the son of Joiarib, Jachin.
Nehemiah 11:20	And the residue of Israel, of the priests, and the Levites, were in all the cities of Judah, every one in his inheritance.
Nehemiah 11:30	Zanoah, Adullam, and in their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and in the villages thereof. And they dwelt from Beersheba unto the valley of Hinnom.
Nehemiah 12:4	Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah,
Nehemiah 12:14	Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;
Nehemiah 12:24	And the chief of the Levites: Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their brethren over against them, to praise and to give thanks, according to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward.
Nehemiah 12:34	Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah,
Nehemiah 12:44	And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited.
Nehemiah 13:7	And I came to Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for Tobiah, in preparing him a chamber in the courts of the house of God.
Nehemiah 13:17	Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the sabbath day?
Nehemiah 13:27	Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?
Esther 1:6	Where were white, green, and blue, hangings, fastened with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of marble: the beds were of gold and silver, upon a pavement of red, and blue, and white, and black, marble.
Esther 1:16	And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen hath not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.
Esther 2:4	And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so.
Esther 2:14	In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name.
Esther 3:1	After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him.
Esther 3:11	And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee.
Esther 4:6	So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city, which was before the king's gate.
Esther 4:16	Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which is not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish.
Esther 5:9	Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai.
Esther 6:5	And the king's servants said unto him, Behold, Haman standeth in the court. And the king said, Let him come in.
Esther 7:1	So the king and Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen.
Esther 8:1	On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews' enemy unto Esther the queen. And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had told what he was unto her.
Esther 8:11	Wherein the king granted the Jews which were in every city to gather themselves together, and to stand for their life, to destroy, to slay and to cause to perish, all the power of the people and province that would assault them, both little ones and women, and to take the spoil of them for a prey,
Esther 9:4	For Mordecai was great in the king's house, and his fame went out throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and greater.
Esther 9:14	And the king commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at Shushan; and they hanged Haman's ten sons.
Esther 9:24	Because Haman the son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had devised against the Jews to destroy them, and had cast Pur, that is, the lot, to consume them, and to destroy them;
Esther 10:2	And all the acts of his power and of his might, and the declaration of the greatness of Mordecai, whereunto the king advanced him, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia?
Job 1:9	Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, Doth Job fear God for nought?
Job 1:19	And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Job 2:7	So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD, and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown.
Job 3:4	Let that day be darkness; let not God regard it from above, neither let the light shine upon it.|
Job 3:14	With kings and counsellors of the earth, which build desolate places for themselves;
Job 3:24	For my sighing cometh before I eat, and my roarings are poured out like the waters.
Job 4:8	Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same.
Job 4:18	Behold, he put no trust in his servants; and his angels he charged with folly:
Job 5:7	Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Job 5:17	Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty:
Job 5:27	Lo this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and know thou it for thy good.
Job 6:10	Then should I yet have comfort; yea, I would harden myself in sorrow: let him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.
Job 6:20	They were confounded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were ashamed.
Job 6:30	Is there iniquity in my tongue? cannot my taste discern perverse things?
Job 7:10	He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.
Job 7:20	I have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserver of men? why hast thou set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself?
Job 8:9	(For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:)
Job 8:19	Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow.
Job 9:7	Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and sealeth up the stars.
Job 9:17	For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multiplieth my wounds without cause.
Job 9:27	If I say, I will forget my complaint, I will leave off my heaviness, and comfort myself:
Job 10:2	I will say unto God, Do not condemn me; shew me wherefore thou contendest with me.
Job 10:12	Thou hast granted me life and favour, and thy visitation hath preserved my spirit.
Job 10:22	A land of darkness, as darkness itself; and of the shadow of death, without any order, and where the light is as darkness.
Job 11:10	If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together, then who can hinder him?
Job 11:20	But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not escape, and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost.
Job 12:10	In whose hand is the soul of every living thing, and the breath of all mankind.
Job 12:20	He removeth away the speech of the trusty, and taketh away the understanding of the aged.
Job 13:5	O that ye would altogether hold your peace! and it should be your wisdom.
Job 13:15	Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own ways before him.
Job 13:25	Wilt thou break a leaf driven to and fro? and wilt thou pursue the dry stubble?
Job 14:7	For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease.
Job 14:17	My transgression is sealed up in a bag, and thou sewest up mine iniquity.
Job 15:5	For thy mouth uttereth thine iniquity, and thou choosest the tongue of the crafty.
Job 15:15	Behold, he putteth no trust in his saints; yea, the heavens are not clean in his sight.
Job 15:25	For he stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty.
Job 15:35	They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit.
Job 16:10	They have gaped upon me with their mouth; they have smitten me upon the cheek reproachfully; they have gathered themselves together against me.
Job 16:20	My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto God.
Job 17:8	Upright men shall be astonied at this, and the innocent shall stir up himself against the hypocrite.
Job 18:2	How long will it be ere ye make an end of words? mark, and afterwards we will speak.
Job 18:12	His strength shall be hungerbitten, and destruction shall be ready at his side.
Job 19:1	Then Job answered and said,
Job 19:11	He hath also kindled his wrath against me, and he counteth me unto him as one of his enemies.
Job 19:21	Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, O ye my friends; for the hand of God hath touched me.
Job 20:2	Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste.
Job 20:12	Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his tongue;
Job 20:22	In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come upon him.
Job 21:3	Suffer me that I may speak; and after that I have spoken, mock on.
Job 21:13	They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave.
Job 21:23	One dieth in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet.
Job 21:33	The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him.
Job 22:9	Thou hast sent widows away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been broken.
Job 22:19	The righteous see it, and are glad: and the innocent laugh them to scorn.
Job 22:29	When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; and he shall save the humble person.
Job 23:9	On the left hand, where he doth work, but I cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him:
Job 24:2	Some remove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and feed thereof.
Job 24:12	Men groan from out of the city, and the soul of the wounded crieth out: yet God layeth not folly to them.
Job 24:22	He draweth also the mighty with his power: he riseth up, and no man is sure of life.
Job 26:1	But Job answered and said,
Job 26:11	The pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof.
Job 27:7	Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous.
Job 27:17	He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver.
Job 28:4	The flood breaketh out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men.
Job 28:14	The depth saith, It is not in me: and the sea saith, It is not with me.
Job 28:24	For he looketh to the ends of the earth, and seeth under the whole heaven;
Job 29:6	When I washed my steps with butter, and the rock poured me out rivers of oil;
Job 29:16	I was a father to the poor: and the cause which I knew not I searched out.
Job 30:1	But now they that are younger than I have me in derision, whose fathers I would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock.
Job 30:11	Because he hath loosed my cord, and afflicted me, they have also let loose the bridle before me.
Job 30:21	Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself against me.
Job 30:31	My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of them that weep.
Job 31:10	Then let my wife grind unto another, and let others bow down upon her.
Job 31:20	If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep;
Job 31:30	Neither have I suffered my mouth to sin by wishing a curse to his soul.
Job 31:40	Let thistles grow instead of wheat, and cockle instead of barley. The words of Job are ended.
Job 32:10	Therefore I said, Hearken to me; I also will shew mine opinion.
Job 32:20	I will speak, that I may be refreshed: I will open my lips and answer.
Job 33:8	Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing, and I have heard the voice of thy words, saying,
Job 33:18	He keepeth back his soul from the pit, and his life from perishing by the sword.
Job 33:28	He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see the light.
Job 34:5	For Job hath said, I am righteous: and God hath taken away my judgment.
Job 34:15	All flesh shall perish together, and man shall turn again unto dust.
Job 34:25	Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overturneth them in the night, so that they are destroyed.
Job 34:35	Job hath spoken without knowledge, and his words were without wisdom.
Job 35:8	Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art; and thy righteousness may profit the son of man.
Job 36:2	Suffer me a little, and I will shew thee that I have yet to speak on God's behalf.
Job 36:12	But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge.
Job 36:22	Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him?
Job 36:32	With clouds he covereth the light; and commandeth it not to shine by the cloud that cometh betwixt.
Job 37:9	Out of the south cometh the whirlwind: and cold out of the north.
Job 37:19	Teach us what we shall say unto him; for we cannot order our speech by reason of darkness.
Job 38:5	Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath stretched the line upon it?
Job 38:15	And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the high arm shall be broken.
Job 38:25	Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters, or a way for the lightning of thunder;
Job 38:35	Canst thou send lightnings, that they may go and say unto thee, Here we are?
Job 39:4	Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth, and return not unto them.
Job 39:14	Which leaveth her eggs in the earth, and warmeth them in dust,
Job 39:24	He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet.
Job 40:4	Behold, I am vile; what shall I answer thee? I will lay mine hand upon my mouth.
Job 40:14	Then will I also confess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee.
Job 40:24	He taketh it with his eyes: his nose pierceth through snares.
Job 41:10	None is so fierce that dare stir him up: who then is able to stand before me?
Job 41:20	Out of his nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.
Job 41:30	Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire.
Job 42:6	Wherefore I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes.
Job 42:16	After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons, and his sons' sons, even four generations.
Psalms 2:3	Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.
Psalms 3:1	Lord, how are they increased that trouble me! many are they that rise up against me.
Psalms 4:3	But know that the LORD hath set apart him that is godly for himself: the LORD will hear when I call unto him.
Psalms 5:5	The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of iniquity.
Psalms 6:3	My soul is also sore vexed: but thou, O LORD, how long?
Psalms 7:3	O LORD my God, If I have done this; if there be iniquity in my hands;
Psalms 7:13	He hath also prepared for him the instruments of death; he ordaineth his arrows against the persecutors.
Psalms 8:6	Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet:
Psalms 9:7	But the LORD shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for judgment.
Psalms 9:17	The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God.
Psalms 10:7	His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity.
Psalms 10:17	LORD, thou hast heard the desire of the humble: thou wilt prepare their heart, thou wilt cause thine ear to hear:
Psalms 12:2	They speak vanity every one with his neighbour: with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak.
Psalms 13:4	Lest mine enemy say, I have prevailed against him; and those that trouble me rejoice when I am moved.
Psalms 15:1	Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle? who shall dwell in thy holy hill?
Psalms 16:6	The lines are fallen unto me in pleasant places; yea, I have a goodly heritage.
Psalms 17:5	Hold up my goings in thy paths, that my footsteps slip not.
Psalms 17:15	As for me, I will behold thy face in righteousness: I shall be satisfied, when I awake, with thy likeness.
Psalms 18:10	And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: yea, he did fly upon the wings of the wind.
Psalms 18:20	The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness; according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.
Psalms 18:30	As for God, his way is perfect: the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all those that trust in him.
Psalms 18:40	Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies; that I might destroy them that hate me.
Psalms 18:50	Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore.
Psalms 19:10	More to be desired are they than gold, yea, than much fine gold: sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb.
Psalms 20:6	Now know I that the LORD saveth his anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand.
Psalms 21:7	For the king trusteth in the LORD, and through the mercy of the most High he shall not be moved.
Psalms 22:4	Our fathers trusted in thee: they trusted, and thou didst deliver them.
Psalms 22:14	I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels.
Psalms 22:24	For he hath not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted; neither hath he hid his face from him; but when he cried unto him, he heard.
Psalms 23:3	He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
Psalms 24:7	Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.
Psalms 25:7	Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to thy mercy remember thou me for thy goodness' sake, O LORD.
Psalms 25:17	The troubles of my heart are enlarged: O bring thou me out of my distresses.
Psalms 26:5	I have hated the congregation of evil doers; and will not sit with the wicked.
Psalms 27:3	Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident.
Psalms 27:13	I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living.
Psalms 28:9	Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever.
Psalms 29:10	The LORD sitteth upon the flood; yea, the LORD sitteth King for ever.
Psalms 30:9	What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth?
Psalms 31:7	I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy: for thou hast considered my trouble; thou hast known my soul in adversities;
Psalms 31:17	Let me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called upon thee: let the wicked be ashamed, and let them be silent in the grave.
Psalms 32:3	When I kept silence, my bones waxed old through my roaring all the day long.
Psalms 33:2	Praise the LORD with harp: sing unto him with the psaltery and an instrument of ten strings.
Psalms 33:12	Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD; and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance.
Psalms 33:22	Let thy mercy, O LORD, be upon us, according as we hope in thee.
Psalms 34:10	The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek the LORD shall not want any good thing.
Psalms 34:20	He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is broken.
Psalms 35:8	Let destruction come upon him at unawares; and let his net that he hath hid catch himself: into that very destruction let him fall.
Psalms 35:18	I will give thee thanks in the great congregation: I will praise thee among much people.
Psalms 35:28	And my tongue shall speak of thy righteousness and of thy praise all the day long.
Psalms 36:10	O continue thy lovingkindness unto them that know thee; and thy righteousness to the upright in heart.
Psalms 37:8	Cease from anger, and forsake wrath: fret not thyself in any wise to do evil.
Psalms 37:18	The LORD knoweth the days of the upright: and their inheritance shall be for ever.
Psalms 37:28	For the LORD loveth judgment, and forsaketh not his saints; they are preserved for ever: but the seed of the wicked shall be cut off.
Psalms 37:38	But the transgressors shall be destroyed together: the end of the wicked shall be cut off.
Psalms 38:8	I am feeble and sore broken: I have roared by reason of the disquietness of my heart.
Psalms 38:18	For I will declare mine iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin.
Psalms 39:6	Surely every man walketh in a vain shew: surely they are disquieted in vain: he heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them.
Psalms 40:3	And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD.
Psalms 40:13	Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me: O LORD, make haste to help me.
Psalms 41:6	And if he come to see me, he speaketh vanity: his heart gathereth iniquity to itself; when he goeth abroad, he telleth it.
Psalms 42:3	My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God?
Psalms 43:2	For thou art the God of my strength: why dost thou cast me off? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
Psalms 44:7	But thou hast saved us from our enemies, and hast put them to shame that hated us.
Psalms 44:17	All this is come upon us; yet have we not forgotten thee, neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant.
Psalms 45:1	My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
Psalms 45:11	So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and worship thou him.
Psalms 46:4	There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High.
Psalms 47:3	He shall subdue the people under us, and the nations under our feet.
Psalms 48:4	For, lo, the kings were assembled, they passed by together.
Psalms 48:14	For this God is our God for ever and ever: he will be our guide even unto death.
Psalms 49:10	For he seeth that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others.
Psalms 49:20	Man that is in honour, and understandeth not, is like the beasts that perish.
Psalms 50:10	For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.
Psalms 50:20	Thou sittest and speakest against thy brother; thou slanderest thine own mother's son.
Psalms 51:7	Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.
Psalms 51:17	The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.
Psalms 52:8	But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever.
Psalms 54:3	For strangers are risen up against me, and oppressors seek after my soul: they have not set God before them. Selah.
Psalms 55:6	And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest.
Psalms 55:16	As for me, I will call upon God; and the LORD shall save me.
Psalms 56:3	What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.
Psalms 56:13	For thou hast delivered my soul from death: wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling, that I may walk before God in the light of the living?
Psalms 57:10	For thy mercy is great unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds.
Psalms 58:9	Before your pots can feel the thorns, he shall take them away as with a whirlwind, both living, and in his wrath.
Psalms 59:8	But thou, O LORD, shalt laugh at them; thou shalt have all the heathen in derision.
Psalms 60:1	O God, thou hast cast us off, thou hast scattered us, thou hast been displeased; O turn thyself to us again.
Psalms 60:11	Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.
Psalms 62:1	Truly my soul waiteth upon God: from him cometh my salvation.
Psalms 62:11	God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongeth unto God.
Psalms 63:9	But those that seek my soul, to destroy it, shall go into the lower parts of the earth.
Psalms 64:8	So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves: all that see them shall flee away.
Psalms 65:8	They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at thy tokens: thou makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice.
Psalms 66:5	Come and see the works of God: he is terrible in his doing toward the children of men.
Psalms 66:15	I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah.
Psalms 67:5	Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.
Psalms 68:8	The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even Sinai itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of Israel.
Psalms 68:18	Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive: thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the LORD God might dwell among them.
Psalms 68:28	Thy God hath commanded thy strength: strengthen, O God, that which thou hast wrought for us.
Psalms 69:3	I am weary of my crying: my throat is dried: mine eyes fail while I wait for my God.
Psalms 69:13	But as for me, my prayer is unto thee, O LORD, in an acceptable time: O God, in the multitude of thy mercy hear me, in the truth of thy salvation.
Psalms 69:23	Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins continually to shake.
Psalms 69:33	For the LORD heareth the poor, and despiseth not his prisoners.
Psalms 71:2	Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear unto me, and save me.
Psalms 71:12	O God, be not far from me: O my God, make haste for my help.
Psalms 71:22	I will also praise thee with the psaltery, even thy truth, O my God: unto thee will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel.
Psalms 72:8	He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, and from the river unto the ends of the earth.
Psalms 72:18	Blessed be the LORD God, the God of Israel, who only doeth wondrous things.
Psalms 73:8	They are corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily.
Psalms 73:18	Surely thou didst set them in slippery places: thou castedst them down into destruction.
Psalms 73:28	But it is good for me to draw near to God: I have put my trust in the Lord GOD, that I may declare all thy works.
Psalms 74:10	O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever?
Psalms 74:20	Have respect unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty.
Psalms 75:7	But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.
Psalms 76:7	Thou, even thou, art to be feared: and who may stand in thy sight when once thou art angry?
Psalms 77:5	I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times.
Psalms 77:15	Thou hast with thine arm redeemed thy people, the sons of Jacob and Joseph. Selah.
Psalms 78:5	For he established a testimony in Jacob, and appointed a law in Israel, which he commanded our fathers, that they should make them known to their children:
Psalms 78:15	He clave the rocks in the wilderness, and gave them drink as out of the great depths.
Psalms 78:25	Man did eat angels' food: he sent them meat to the full.
Psalms 78:35	And they remembered that God was their rock, and the high God their redeemer.
Psalms 78:45	He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed them.
Psalms 78:55	He cast out the heathen also before them, and divided them an inheritance by line, and made the tribes of Israel to dwell in their tents.
Psalms 78:65	Then the LORD awaked as one out of sleep, and like a mighty man that shouteth by reason of wine.
Psalms 79:3	Their blood have they shed like water round about Jerusalem; and there was none to bury them.
Psalms 79:13	So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations.
Psalms 80:10	The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars.
Psalms 81:1	Sing aloud unto God our strength: make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob.
Psalms 81:11	But my people would not hearken to my voice; and Israel would none of me.
Psalms 82:5	They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth are out of course.
Psalms 83:7	Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines with the inhabitants of Tyre;
Psalms 83:17	Let them be confounded and troubled for ever; yea, let them be put to shame, and perish:
Psalms 84:9	Behold, O God our shield, and look upon the face of thine anointed.
Psalms 85:7	Shew us thy mercy, O LORD, and grant us thy salvation.
Psalms 86:4	Rejoice the soul of thy servant: for unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.
Psalms 86:14	O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my soul; and have not set thee before them.
Psalms 87:7	As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there: all my springs are in thee.
Psalms 88:10	Wilt thou shew wonders to the dead? shall the dead arise and praise thee? Selah.
Psalms 89:2	For I have said, Mercy shall be built up for ever: thy faithfulness shalt thou establish in the very heavens.
Psalms 89:12	The north and the south thou hast created them: Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name.
Psalms 89:22	The enemy shall not exact upon him; nor the son of wickedness afflict him.
Psalms 89:32	Then will I visit their transgression with the rod, and their iniquity with stripes.
Psalms 89:42	Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries; thou hast made all his enemies to rejoice.
Psalms 89:52	Blessed be the LORD for evermore. Amen, and Amen.
Psalms 90:10	The days of our years are threescore years and ten; and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years, yet is their strength labour and sorrow; for it is soon cut off, and we fly away.
Psalms 91:3	Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence.
Psalms 91:13	Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet.
Psalms 92:7	When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever:
Psalms 93:2	Thy throne is established of old: thou art from everlasting.
Psalms 94:7	Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard it.
Psalms 94:17	Unless the LORD had been my help, my soul had almost dwelt in silence.
Psalms 95:4	In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also.
Psalms 96:3	Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people.
Psalms 96:13	Before the LORD: for he cometh, for he cometh to judge the earth: he shall judge the world with righteousness, and the people with his truth.
Psalms 97:10	Ye that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserveth the souls of his saints; he delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked.
Psalms 98:8	Let the floods clap their hands: let the hills be joyful together
Psalms 99:9	Exalt the LORD our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the LORD our God is holy.
Psalms 101:5	Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour, him will I cut off: him that hath an high look and a proud heart will not I suffer.
Psalms 102:7	I watch, and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top.
Psalms 102:17	He will regard the prayer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer.
Psalms 102:27	But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end.
Psalms 103:9	He will not always chide: neither will he keep his anger for ever.
Psalms 103:19	The LORD hath prepared his throne in the heavens; and his kingdom ruleth over all.
Psalms 104:7	At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away.
Psalms 104:17	Where the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house.
Psalms 104:27	These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season.
Psalms 105:2	Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works.
Psalms 105:12	When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it.
Psalms 105:22	To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.
Psalms 105:32	He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.
Psalms 105:42	For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant.
Psalms 106:7	Our fathers understood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the multitude of thy mercies; but provoked him at the sea, even at the Red sea.
Psalms 106:17	The earth opened and swallowed up Dathan and covered the company of Abiram.
Psalms 106:27	To overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands.
Psalms 106:37	Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto devils,
Psalms 106:47	Save us, O LORD our God, and gather us from among the heathen, to give thanks unto thy holy name, and to triumph in thy praise.
Psalms 107:9	For he satisfieth the longing soul, and filleth the hungry soul with goodness.
Psalms 107:19	Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses.
Psalms 107:29	He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.
Psalms 107:39	Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow.
Psalms 108:6	That thy beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand, and answer me.
Psalms 109:3	They compassed me about also with words of hatred; and fought against me without a cause.
Psalms 109:13	Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their name be blotted out.
Psalms 109:23	I am gone like the shadow when it declineth: I am tossed up and down as the locust.
Psalms 110:2	The LORD shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion: rule thou in the midst of thine enemies.
Psalms 111:5	He hath given meat unto them that fear him: he will ever be mindful of his covenant.
Psalms 112:5	A good man sheweth favour, and lendeth: he will guide his affairs with discretion.
Psalms 113:5	Who is like unto the LORD our God, who dwelleth on high,
Psalms 114:6	Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams; and ye little hills, like lambs?
Psalms 115:8	They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in them.
Psalms 115:18	But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and for evermore. Praise the LORD.
Psalms 116:10	I believed, therefore have I spoken: I was greatly afflicted:
Psalms 117:1	O praise the LORD, all ye nations: praise him, all ye people.
Psalms 118:9	It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes.
Psalms 118:19	Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise the LORD:
Psalms 118:29	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 119:10	With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy commandments.
Psalms 119:20	My soul breaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all times.
Psalms 119:30	I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me.
Psalms 119:40	Behold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness.
Psalms 119:50	This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath quickened me.
Psalms 119:60	I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments.
Psalms 119:70	Their heart is as fat as grease; but I delight in thy law.
Psalms 119:80	Let my heart be sound in thy statutes; that I be not ashamed.
Psalms 119:90	Thy faithfulness is unto all generations: thou hast established the earth, and it abideth.
Psalms 119:100	I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts.
Psalms 119:110	The wicked have laid a snare for me: yet I erred not from thy precepts.
Psalms 119:120	My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments.
Psalms 119:130	The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple.
Psalms 119:140	Thy word is very pure: therefore thy servant loveth it.
Psalms 119:150	They draw nigh that follow after mischief: they are far from thy law.
Psalms 119:160	Thy word is true from the beginning: and every one of thy righteous judgments endureth for ever.
Psalms 119:170	Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word.
Psalms 120:4	Sharp arrows of the mighty, with coals of juniper.
Psalms 121:7	The LORD shall preserve thee from all evil: he shall preserve thy soul.
Psalms 122:9	Because of the house of the LORD our God I will seek thy good.
Psalms 124:6	Blessed be the LORD, who hath not given us as a prey to their teeth.
Psalms 126:3	The LORD hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad.
Psalms 128:2	For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands: happy shalt thou be, and it shall be well with thee.
Psalms 129:6	Let them be as the grass upon the housetops, which withereth afore it groweth up:
Psalms 130:8	And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities.
Psalms 132:7	We will go into his tabernacles: we will worship at his footstool.
Psalms 132:17	There will I make the horn of David to bud: I have ordained a lamp for mine anointed.
Psalms 135:3	Praise the LORD; for the LORD is good: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant.
Psalms 135:13	Thy name, O LORD, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O LORD, throughout all generations.
Psalms 136:2	O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:12	With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:22	Even an heritage unto Israel his servant: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 137:6	If I do not remember thee, let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy.
Psalms 138:7	Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me: thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of mine enemies, and thy right hand shall save me.
Psalms 139:9	If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea;
Psalms 139:19	Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men.
Psalms 140:5	The proud have hid a snare for me, and cords; they have spread a net by the wayside; they have set gins for me. Selah.
Psalms 141:2	Let my prayer be set forth before thee as incense; and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice.
Psalms 142:2	I poured out my complaint before him; I shewed before him my trouble.
Psalms 143:5	I remember the days of old; I meditate on all thy works; I muse on the work of thy hands.
Psalms 144:3	LORD, what is man, that thou takest knowledge of him! or the son of man, that thou makest account of him!
Psalms 144:13	That our garners may be full, affording all manner of store: that our sheep may bring forth thousands and ten thousands in our streets:
Psalms 145:8	The LORD is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mercy.
Psalms 145:18	The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth.
Psalms 146:7	Which executeth judgment for the oppressed: which giveth food to the hungry. The LORD looseth the prisoners:
Psalms 147:7	Sing unto the LORD with thanksgiving; sing praise upon the harp unto our God:
Psalms 147:17	He casteth forth his ice like morsels: who can stand before his cold?
Psalms 148:7	Praise the LORD from the earth, ye dragons, and all deeps:
Psalms 149:3	Let them praise his name in the dance: let them sing praises unto him with the timbrel and harp.
Psalms 150:4	Praise him with the timbrel and dance: praise him with stringed instruments and organs.
Proverbs 1:8	My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother:
Proverbs 1:18	And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives.
Proverbs 1:28	Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me:
Proverbs 2:5	Then shalt thou understand the fear of the LORD, and find the knowledge of God.
Proverbs 2:15	Whose ways are crooked, and they froward in their paths:
Proverbs 3:3	Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about thy neck; write them upon the table of thine heart:
Proverbs 3:13	Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding.
Proverbs 3:23	Then shalt thou walk in thy way safely, and thy foot shall not stumble.
Proverbs 3:33	The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth the habitation of the just.
Proverbs 4:8	Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her.
Proverbs 4:18	But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.
Proverbs 5:1	My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding:
Proverbs 5:11	And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed,
Proverbs 5:21	For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings.
Proverbs 6:8	Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest.
Proverbs 6:18	An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,
Proverbs 6:28	Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned?
Proverbs 7:3	Bind them upon thy fingers, write them upon the table of thine heart.
Proverbs 7:13	So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said unto him,
Proverbs 7:23	Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not that it is for his life.
Proverbs 8:6	Hear; for I will speak of excellent things; and the opening of my lips shall be right things.
Proverbs 8:16	By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth.
Proverbs 8:26	While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world.
Proverbs 8:36	But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death.
Proverbs 9:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.
Proverbs 10:2	Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righteousness delivereth from death.
Proverbs 10:12	Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins.
Proverbs 10:22	The blessing of the LORD, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it.
Proverbs 10:32	The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable: but the mouth of the wicked speaketh frowardness.
Proverbs 11:10	When it goeth well with the righteous, the city rejoiceth: and when the wicked perish, there is shouting.
Proverbs 11:20	They that are of a froward heart are abomination to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight.
Proverbs 11:30	The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise.
Proverbs 12:9	He that is despised, and hath a servant, is better than he that honoureth himself, and lacketh bread.
Proverbs 12:19	The lip of truth shall be established for ever: but a lying tongue is but for a moment.
Proverbs 13:1	A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke.
Proverbs 13:11	Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished: but he that gathereth by labour shall increase.
Proverbs 13:21	Evil pursueth sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repayed.
Proverbs 14:6	A scorner seeketh wisdom, and findeth it not: but knowledge is easy unto him that understandeth.
Proverbs 14:16	A wise man feareth, and departeth from evil: but the fool rageth, and is confident.
Proverbs 14:26	In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence: and his children shall have a place of refuge.
Proverbs 15:1	A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.
Proverbs 15:11	Hell and destruction are before the LORD: how much more then the hearts of the children of men?
Proverbs 15:21	Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom: but a man of understanding walketh uprightly.
Proverbs 15:31	The ear that heareth the reproof of life abideth among the wise.
Proverbs 16:8	Better is a little with righteousness than great revenues without right.
Proverbs 16:18	Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.
Proverbs 16:28	A froward man soweth strife: and a whisperer separateth chief friends.
Proverbs 17:5	Whoso mocketh the poor reproacheth his Maker: and he that is glad at calamities shall not be unpunished.
Proverbs 17:15	He that justifieth the wicked, and he that condemneth the just, even they both are abomination to the LORD.
Proverbs 17:25	A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him.
Proverbs 18:7	A fool's mouth is his destruction, and his lips are the snare of his soul.
Proverbs 18:17	He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his neighbour cometh and searcheth him.
Proverbs 19:3	The foolishness of man perverteth his way: and his heart fretteth against the LORD.
Proverbs 19:13	A foolish son is the calamity of his father: and the contentions of a wife are a continual dropping.
Proverbs 19:23	The fear of the LORD tendeth to life: and he that hath it shall abide satisfied; he shall not be visited with evil.
Proverbs 20:4	The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold; therefore shall he beg in harvest, and have nothing.
Proverbs 20:14	It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: but when he is gone his way, then he boasteth.
Proverbs 20:24	Man's goings are of the LORD; how can a man then understand his own way?
Proverbs 21:4	An high look, and a proud heart, and the plowing of the wicked, is sin.
Proverbs 21:14	A gift in secret pacifieth anger: and a reward in the bosom strong wrath.
Proverbs 21:24	Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath.
Proverbs 22:3	A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself: but the simple pass on, and are punished.
Proverbs 22:13	The slothful man saith, There is a lion without, I shall be slain in the streets.
Proverbs 22:23	For the LORD will plead their cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them.
Proverbs 23:4	Labour not to be rich: cease from thine own wisdom.
Proverbs 23:14	Thou shalt beat him with the rod, and shalt deliver his soul from hell.
Proverbs 23:24	The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him.
Proverbs 23:34	Yea, thou shalt be as he that lieth down in the midst of the sea, or as he that lieth upon the top of a mast.
Proverbs 24:9	The thought of foolishness is sin: and the scorner is an abomination to men.
Proverbs 24:19	Fret not thyself because of evil men, neither be thou envious at the wicked:
Proverbs 24:29	Say not, I will do so to him as he hath done to me: I will render to the man according to his work.
Proverbs 25:5	Take away the wicked from before the king, and his throne shall be established in righteousness.
Proverbs 25:15	By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the bone.
Proverbs 25:25	As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country.
Proverbs 26:7	The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a parable in the mouth of fools.
Proverbs 26:17	He that passeth by, and meddleth with strife belonging not to him, is like one that taketh a dog by the ears.
Proverbs 26:27	Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him.
Proverbs 27:9	Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so doth the sweetness of a man's friend by hearty counsel.
Proverbs 27:19	As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man.
Proverbs 28:2	For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged.
Proverbs 28:12	When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden.
Proverbs 28:22	He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye, and considereth not that poverty shall come upon him.
Proverbs 29:4	The king by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts overthroweth it.
Proverbs 29:14	The king that faithfully judgeth the poor, his throne shall be established for ever.
Proverbs 29:24	Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it not.
Proverbs 30:7	Two things have I required of thee; deny me them not before I die:
Proverbs 30:17	The eye that mocketh at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it.
Proverbs 30:27	The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands;
Proverbs 31:4	It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to drink wine; nor for princes strong drink:
Proverbs 31:14	She is like the merchants' ships; she bringeth her food from afar.
Proverbs 31:24	She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant.
Ecclesiastes 1:3	What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 1:13	And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith.
Ecclesiastes 2:5	I made me gardens and orchards, and I planted trees in them of all kind of fruits:
Ecclesiastes 2:15	Then said I in my heart, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 2:25	For who can eat, or who else can hasten hereunto, more than I?
Ecclesiastes 3:9	What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth?
Ecclesiastes 3:19	For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 4:7	Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 5:1	Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God, and be more ready to hear, than to give the sacrifice of fools: for they consider not that they do evil.
Ecclesiastes 5:11	When goods increase, they are increased that eat them: and what good is there to the owners thereof, saving the beholding of them with their eyes?
Ecclesiastes 6:1	There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is common among men:
Ecclesiastes 6:11	Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, what is man the better?
Ecclesiastes 7:9	Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools.
Ecclesiastes 7:19	Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city.
Ecclesiastes 7:29	Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions.
Ecclesiastes 8:10	And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity.
Ecclesiastes 9:3	This is an evil among all things that are done under the sun, that there is one event unto all: yea, also the heart of the sons of men is full of evil, and madness is in their heart while they live, and after that they go to the dead.
Ecclesiastes 9:13	This wisdom have I seen also under the sun, and it seemed great unto me:
Ecclesiastes 10:5	There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, as an error which proceedeth from the ruler:
Ecclesiastes 10:15	The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth not how to go to the city.
Ecclesiastes 11:5	As thou knowest not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou knowest not the works of God who maketh all.
Ecclesiastes 12:5	Also when they shall be afraid of that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree shall flourish, and the grasshopper shall be a burden, and desire shall fail: because man goeth to his long home, and the mourners go about the streets:
Song of Solomon 1:1	The song of songs, which is Solomon's.
Song of Solomon 1:11	We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver.
Song of Solomon 2:4	He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love.
Song of Solomon 2:14	O my dove, that art in the clefts of the rock, in the secret places of the stairs, let me see thy countenance, let me hear thy voice; for sweet is thy voice, and thy countenance is comely.
Song of Solomon 3:7	Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel.
Song of Solomon 4:6	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.
Song of Solomon 4:16	Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.
Song of Solomon 5:10	My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.
Song of Solomon 6:4	Thou art beautiful, O my love, as Tirzah, comely as Jerusalem, terrible as an army with banners.
Song of Solomon 7:1	How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.
Song of Solomon 7:11	Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.
Song of Solomon 8:8	We have a little sister, and she hath no breasts: what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?
Isaiah 1:4	Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are gone away backward.
Isaiah 1:14	Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them.
Isaiah 1:24	Therefore saith the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies:
Isaiah 2:3	And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.
Isaiah 2:13	And upon all the cedars of Lebanon, that are high and lifted up, and upon all the oaks of Bashan,
Isaiah 3:1	For, behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff, the whole stay of bread, and the whole stay of water.
Isaiah 3:11	Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him.
Isaiah 3:21	The rings, and nose jewels,
Isaiah 4:5	And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory shall be a defence.
Isaiah 5:9	In mine ears said the LORD of hosts, Of a truth many houses shall be desolate, even great and fair, without inhabitant.
Isaiah 5:19	That say, Let him make speed, and hasten his work, that we may see it: and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come, that we may know it!
Isaiah 5:29	Their roaring shall be like a lion, they shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall roar, and lay hold of the prey, and shall carry it away safe, and none shall deliver it.
Isaiah 6:9	And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and see ye indeed, but perceive not.
Isaiah 7:6	Let us go up against Judah, and vex it, and let us make a breach therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, even the son of Tabeal:
Isaiah 7:16	For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings.
Isaiah 8:1	Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great roll, and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz.
Isaiah 8:11	For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying,
Isaiah 8:21	And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and look upward.
Isaiah 9:9	And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart,
Isaiah 9:19	Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother.
Isaiah 10:8	For he saith, Are not my princes altogether kings?
Isaiah 10:18	And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standard-bearer fainteth.
Isaiah 10:28	He is come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at Michmash he hath laid up his carriages:
Isaiah 11:4	But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked.
Isaiah 11:14	But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them of the east together: they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them.
Isaiah 13:2	Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles.
Isaiah 13:12	I will make a man more precious than fine gold; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir.
Isaiah 13:22	And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in their pleasant palaces: and her time is near to come, and her days shall not be prolonged.
Isaiah 14:10	All they shall speak and say unto thee, Art thou also become weak as we? art thou become like unto us?
Isaiah 14:20	Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial, because thou hast destroyed thy land, and slain thy people: the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned.
Isaiah 14:30	And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and the needy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill thy root with famine, and he shall slay thy remnant.
Isaiah 15:8	For the cry is gone round about the borders of Moab; the howling thereof unto Eglaim, and the howling thereof unto Beerelim.
Isaiah 16:9	Therefore I will bewail with the weeping of Jazer the vine of Sibmah: I will water thee with my tears, O Heshbon, and Elealeh: for the shouting for thy summer fruits and for thy harvest is fallen.
Isaiah 17:5	And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the corn, and reapeth the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that gathereth ears in the valley of Rephaim.
Isaiah 18:1	Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia:
Isaiah 19:4	And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 19:14	The LORD hath mingled a perverse spirit in the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof, as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit.
Isaiah 19:24	In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a blessing in the midst of the land:
Isaiah 21:3	Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I was dismayed at the seeing of it.
Isaiah 21:13	The burden upon Arabia. In the forest in Arabia shall ye lodge, O ye travelling companies of Dedanim.
Isaiah 22:6	And Elam bare the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield.
Isaiah 22:16	What hast thou here? and whom hast thou here, that thou hast hewed thee out a sepulchre here, as he that heweth him out a sepulchre on high, and that graveth an habitation for himself in a rock?
Isaiah 23:1	The burden of Tyre. Howl, ye ships of Tarshish; for it is laid waste, so that there is no house, no entering in: from the land of Chittim it is revealed to them.
Isaiah 23:11	He stretched out his hand over the sea, he shook the kingdoms: the LORD hath given a commandment against the merchant city, to destroy the strong holds thereof.
Isaiah 24:3	The land shall be utterly emptied, and utterly spoiled: for the LORD hath spoken this word.
Isaiah 24:13	When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree, and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done.
Isaiah 24:23	Then the moon shall be confounded, and the sun ashamed, when the LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion, and in Jerusalem, and before his ancients gloriously.
Isaiah 25:10	For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under him, even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill.
Isaiah 26:8	Yea, in the way of thy judgments, O LORD, have we waited for thee; the desire of our soul is to thy name, and to the remembrance of thee.
Isaiah 26:18	We have been with child, we have been in pain, we have as it were brought forth wind; we have not wrought any deliverance in the earth; neither have the inhabitants of the world fallen.
Isaiah 27:7	Hath he smitten him, as he smote those that smote him? or is he slain according to the slaughter of them that are slain by him?
Isaiah 28:4	And the glorious beauty, which is on the head of the fat valley, shall be a fading flower, and as the hasty fruit before the summer; which when he that looketh upon it seeth, while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up.
Isaiah 28:14	Wherefore hear the word of the LORD, ye scornful men, that rule this people which is in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 28:24	Doth the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the clods of his ground?
Isaiah 29:5	Moreover the multitude of thy strangers shall be like small dust, and the multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away: yea, it shall be at an instant suddenly.
Isaiah 29:15	Woe unto them that seek deep to hide their counsel from the LORD, and their works are in the dark, and they say, Who seeth us? and who knoweth us?
Isaiah 30:1	Woe to the rebellious children, saith the LORD, that take counsel, but not of me; and that cover with a covering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sin to sin:
Isaiah 30:11	Get you out of the way, turn aside out of the path, cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us.
Isaiah 30:21	And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left.
Isaiah 30:31	For through the voice of the LORD shall the Assyrian be beaten down, which smote with a rod.
Isaiah 31:8	Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited.
Isaiah 32:9	Rise up, ye women that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give ear unto my speech.
Isaiah 32:19	When it shall hail, coming down on the forest; and the city shall be low in a low place.
Isaiah 33:9	The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits.
Isaiah 33:19	Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou canst perceive; of a stammering tongue, that thou canst not understand.
Isaiah 34:5	For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment.
Isaiah 34:15	There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate.
Isaiah 35:8	And an highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein.
Isaiah 36:8	Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee, to my master the king of Assyria, and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.
Isaiah 36:18	Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you, saying, the LORD will deliver us. Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?
Isaiah 37:6	And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard, wherewith the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.
Isaiah 37:16	O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, that dwellest between the cherubims, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth: thou hast made heaven and earth.
Isaiah 37:26	Hast thou not heard long ago, how I have done it; and of ancient times, that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.
Isaiah 37:36	Then the angel of the LORD went forth, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses.
Isaiah 38:8	Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the sun returned ten degrees, by which degrees it was gone down.
Isaiah 38:18	For the grave cannot praise thee, death can not celebrate thee: they that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth.
Isaiah 39:6	Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day, shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 40:8	The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever.
Isaiah 40:18	To whom then will ye liken God? or what likeness will ye compare unto him?
Isaiah 40:28	Hast thou not known? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding.
Isaiah 41:7	So the carpenter encouraged the goldsmith, and he that smootheth with the hammer him that smote the anvil, saying, It is ready for the sodering: and he fastened it with nails, that it should not be moved.
Isaiah 41:17	When the poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue faileth for thirst, I the LORD will hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them.
Isaiah 41:27	The first shall say to Zion, Behold, behold them: and I will give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings.
Isaiah 42:8	I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.
Isaiah 42:18	Hear, ye deaf; and look, ye blind, that ye may see.
Isaiah 43:3	For I am the LORD thy God, the Holy One of Israel, thy Saviour: I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopia and Seba for thee.
Isaiah 43:13	Yea, before the day was I am he; and there is none that can deliver out of my hand: I will work, and who shall let it?
Isaiah 43:23	Thou hast not brought me the small cattle of thy burnt offerings; neither hast thou honoured me with thy sacrifices. I have not caused thee to serve with an offering, nor wearied thee with incense.
Isaiah 44:5	One shall say, I am the LORD's; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob; and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the LORD, and surname himself by the name of Israel.
Isaiah 44:15	Then shall it be for a man to burn: for he will take thereof, and warm himself; yea, he kindleth it, and baketh bread; yea, he maketh a god, and worshippeth it; he maketh it a graven image, and falleth down thereto.
Isaiah 44:25	That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish;
Isaiah 45:7	I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.
Isaiah 45:17	But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an everlasting salvation: ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end.
Isaiah 46:2	They stoop, they bow down together; they could not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone into captivity.
Isaiah 46:12	Hearken unto me, ye stouthearted, that are far from righteousness:
Isaiah 47:9	But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great abundance of thine enchantments.
Isaiah 48:4	Because I knew that thou art obstinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy brow brass;
Isaiah 48:14	All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear; which among them hath declared these things? The LORD hath loved him: he will do his pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans.
Isaiah 49:2	And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver hath he hid me;
Isaiah 49:12	Behold, these shall come from far: and, lo, these from the north and from the west; and these from the land of Sinim.
Isaiah 49:22	Thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders.
Isaiah 50:6	I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my face from shame and spitting.
Isaiah 51:5	My righteousness is near; my salvation is gone forth, and mine arms shall judge the people; the isles shall wait upon me, and on mine arm shall they trust.
Isaiah 51:15	But I am the LORD thy God, that divided the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD of hosts is his name.
Isaiah 52:2	Shake thyself from the dust; arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion.
Isaiah 52:12	For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the LORD will go before you; and the God of Israel will be your rereward.
Isaiah 53:7	He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.
Isaiah 54:5	For thy Maker is thine husband; the LORD of hosts is his name; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called.
Isaiah 54:15	Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake.
Isaiah 55:8	For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 56:5	Even unto them will I give in mine house and within my walls a place and a name better than of sons and of daughters: I will give them an everlasting name, that shall not be cut off.
Isaiah 57:3	But draw near hither, ye sons of the sorceress, the seed of the adulterer and the whore.
Isaiah 57:13	When thou criest, let thy companies deliver thee; but the wind shall carry them all away; vanity shall take them: but he that putteth his trust in me shall possess the land, and shall inherit my holy mountain;
Isaiah 58:2	Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation that did righteousness, and forsook not the ordinance of their God: they ask of me the ordinances of justice; they take delight in approaching to God.
Isaiah 58:12	And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations; and thou shalt be called, The repairer of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in.
Isaiah 59:8	The way of peace they know not; and there is no judgment in their goings: they have made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not know peace.
Isaiah 59:18	According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury to his adversaries, recompence to his enemies; to the islands he will repay recompence.
Isaiah 60:7	All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory.
Isaiah 60:17	For brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood brass, and for stones iron: I will also make thy officers peace, and thine exactors righteousness.
Isaiah 61:5	And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers.
Isaiah 62:4	Thou shalt no more be termed Forsaken; neither shall thy land any more be termed Desolate: but thou shalt be called Hephzibah, and thy land Beulah: for the LORD delighteth in thee, and thy land shall be married.
Isaiah 63:2	Wherefore art thou red in thine apparel, and thy garments like him that treadeth in the winefat?
Isaiah 63:12	That led them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an everlasting name?
Isaiah 64:3	When thou didst terrible things which we looked not for, thou camest down, the mountains flowed down at thy presence.
Isaiah 65:1	I am sought of them that asked not for me; I am found of them that sought me not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not called by my name.
Isaiah 65:11	But ye are they that forsake the LORD, that forget my holy mountain, that prepare a table for that troop, and that furnish the drink offering unto that number.
Isaiah 65:21	And they shall build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Isaiah 66:6	A voice of noise from the city, a voice from the temple, a voice of the LORD that rendereth recompence to his enemies.
Isaiah 66:16	For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many.
Jeremiah 1:2	To whom the word of the LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, in the thirteenth year of his reign.
Jeremiah 1:12	Then said the LORD unto me, Thou hast well seen: for I will hasten my word to perform it.
Jeremiah 2:3	Israel was holiness unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of his increase: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 2:13	For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.
Jeremiah 2:23	How canst thou say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after Baalim? see thy way in the valley, know what thou hast done: thou art a swift dromedary traversing her ways;
Jeremiah 2:33	Why trimmest thou thy way to seek love? therefore hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy ways.
Jeremiah 3:6	The LORD said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, Hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the harlot.
Jeremiah 3:16	And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and increased in the land, in those days, saith the LORD, they shall say no more, The ark of the covenant of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more.
Jeremiah 4:1	If thou wilt return, O Israel, saith the LORD, return unto me: and if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove.
Jeremiah 4:11	At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jerusalem, A dry wind of the high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people, not to fan, nor to cleanse,
Jeremiah 4:21	How long shall I see the standard, and hear the sound of the trumpet?
Jeremiah 4:31	For I have heard a voice as of a woman in travail, and the anguish as of her that bringeth forth her first child, the voice of the daughter of Zion, that bewaileth herself, that spreadeth her hands, saying, Woe is me now! for my soul is wearied because of murderers.
Jeremiah 5:10	Go ye up upon her walls, and destroy; but make not a full end: take away her battlements; for they are not the LORD's.
Jeremiah 5:20	Declare this in the house of Jacob, and publish it in Judah, saying,
Jeremiah 5:30	A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land;
Jeremiah 6:9	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine: turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets.
Jeremiah 6:19	Hear, O earth: behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even the fruit of their thoughts, because they have not hearkened unto my words, nor to my law, but rejected it.
Jeremiah 6:29	The bellows are burned, the lead is consumed of the fire; the founder melteth in vain: for the wicked are not plucked away.
Jeremiah 7:9	Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not;
Jeremiah 7:19	Do they provoke me to anger? saith the LORD: do they not provoke themselves to the confusion of their own faces?
Jeremiah 7:29	Cut off thine hair, O Jerusalem, and cast it away, and take up a lamentation on high places; for the LORD hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath.
Jeremiah 8:5	Why then is this people of Jerusalem slidden back by a perpetual backsliding? they hold fast deceit, they refuse to return.
Jeremiah 8:15	We looked for peace, but no good came; and for a time of health, and behold trouble!
Jeremiah 9:3	And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies: but they are not valiant for the truth upon the earth; for they proceed from evil to evil, and they know not me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 9:13	And the LORD saith, Because they have forsaken my law which I set before them, and have not obeyed my voice, neither walked therein;
Jeremiah 9:23	Thus saith the LORD, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches:
Jeremiah 10:7	Who would not fear thee, O King of nations? for to thee doth it appertain: forasmuch as among all the wise men of the nations, and in all their kingdoms, there is none like unto thee.
Jeremiah 10:17	Gather up thy wares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress.
Jeremiah 11:2	Hear ye the words of this covenant, and speak unto the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem;
Jeremiah 11:12	Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble.
Jeremiah 11:22	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine:
Jeremiah 12:9	Mine heritage is unto me as a speckled bird, the birds round about are against her; come ye, assemble all the beasts of the field, come to devour.
Jeremiah 13:2	So I got a girdle according to the word of the LORD, and put it on my loins.
Jeremiah 13:12	Therefore thou shalt speak unto them this word; Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Every bottle shall be filled with wine: and they shall say unto thee, Do we not certainly know that every bottle shall be filled with wine?
Jeremiah 13:22	And if thou say in thine heart, Wherefore come these things upon me? For the greatness of thine iniquity are thy skirts discovered, and thy heels made bare.
Jeremiah 14:5	Yea, the hind also calved in the field, and forsook it, because there was no grass.
Jeremiah 14:15	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed.
Jeremiah 15:3	And I will appoint over them four kinds, saith the LORD: the sword to slay, and the dogs to tear, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the earth, to devour and destroy.
Jeremiah 15:13	Thy substance and thy treasures will I give to the spoil without price, and that for all thy sins, even in all thy borders.
Jeremiah 16:2	Thou shalt not take thee a wife, neither shalt thou have sons or daughters in this place.
Jeremiah 16:12	And ye have done worse than your fathers; for, behold, ye walk every one after the imagination of his evil heart, that they may not hearken unto me:
Jeremiah 17:1	The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron, and with the point of a diamond: it is graven upon the table of their heart, and upon the horns of your altars;
Jeremiah 17:11	As the partridge sitteth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at his end shall be a fool.
Jeremiah 17:21	Thus saith the LORD; Take heed to yourselves, and bear no burden on the sabbath day, nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem;
Jeremiah 18:4	And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it.
Jeremiah 18:14	Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which cometh from the rock of the field? or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be forsaken?
Jeremiah 19:1	Thus saith the LORD, Go and get a potter's earthen bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the ancients of the priests;
Jeremiah 19:11	And shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Even so will I break this people and this city, as one breaketh a potter's vessel, that cannot be made whole again: and they shall bury them in Tophet, till there be no place to bury.
Jeremiah 20:6	And thou, Pashur, and all that dwell in thine house shall go into captivity: and thou shalt come to Babylon, and there thou shalt die, and shalt be buried there, thou, and all thy friends, to whom thou hast prophesied lies.
Jeremiah 20:16	And let that man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew, and repented not: and let him hear the cry in the morning, and the shouting at noontide;
Jeremiah 21:8	And unto this people thou shalt say, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I set before you the way of life, and the way of death.
Jeremiah 22:4	For if ye do this thing indeed, then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his people.
Jeremiah 22:14	That saith, I will build me a wide house and large chambers, and cutteth him out windows; and it is cieled with cedar, and painted with vermilion.
Jeremiah 22:24	As I live, saith the LORD, though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet upon my right hand, yet would I pluck thee thence;
Jeremiah 23:4	And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:14	I have seen also in the prophets of Jerusalem an horrible thing: they commit adultery, and walk in lies: they strengthen also the hands of evildoers, that none doth return from his wickedness; they are all of them unto me as Sodom, and the inhabitants thereof as Gomorrah.
Jeremiah 23:24	Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him? saith the LORD. Do not I fill heaven and earth? saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:34	And as for the prophet, and the priest, and the people, that shall say, The burden of the LORD, I will even punish that man and his house.
Jeremiah 24:4	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Jeremiah 25:4	And the LORD hath sent unto you all his servants the prophets, rising early and sending them; but ye have not hearkened, nor inclined your ear to hear.
Jeremiah 25:14	For many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of them also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds, and according to the works of their own hands.
Jeremiah 25:24	And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert,
Jeremiah 25:34	Howl, ye shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, ye principal of the flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel.
Jeremiah 26:6	Then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.
Jeremiah 26:16	Then said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophets; This man is not worthy to die: for he hath spoken to us in the name of the LORD our God.
Jeremiah 27:2	Thus saith the LORD to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy neck,
Jeremiah 27:12	I spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words, saying, Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him and his people, and live.
Jeremiah 27:22	They shall be carried to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day that I visit them, saith the LORD; then will I bring them up, and restore them to this place.
Jeremiah 28:10	Then Hananiah the prophet took the yoke from off the prophet Jeremiah's neck, and brake it.
Jeremiah 29:3	By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan, and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah, (whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon) saying,
Jeremiah 29:13	And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.
Jeremiah 29:23	Because they have committed villany in Israel, and have committed adultery with their neighbours' wives, and have spoken lying words in my name, which I have not commanded them; even I know, and am a witness, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 30:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 30:11	For I am with thee, saith the LORD, to save thee: though I make a full end of all nations whither I have scattered thee, yet I will not make a full end of thee: but I will correct thee in measure, and will not leave thee altogether unpunished.
Jeremiah 30:21	And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me: for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me? saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 31:7	For thus saith the LORD; Sing with gladness for Jacob, and shout among the chief of the nations: publish ye, praise ye, and say, O LORD, save thy people, the remnant of Israel.
Jeremiah 31:17	And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border.
Jeremiah 31:27	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man, and with the seed of beast.
Jeremiah 31:37	Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 32:7	Behold, Hanameel the son of Shallum thine uncle shall come unto thee saying, Buy thee my field that is in Anathoth: for the right of redemption is thine to buy it.
Jeremiah 32:17	Ah Lord GOD! behold, thou hast made the heaven and the earth by thy great power and stretched out arm, and there is nothing too hard for thee:
Jeremiah 32:27	Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh: is there any thing too hard for me?
Jeremiah 32:37	Behold, I will gather them out of all countries, whither I have driven them in mine anger, and in my fury, and in great wrath; and I will bring them again unto this place, and I will cause them to dwell safely:
Jeremiah 33:3	Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not.
Jeremiah 33:13	In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 33:23	Moreover the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 34:7	When the king of Babylon's army fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities of Judah that were left, against Lachish, and against Azekah: for these defenced cities remained of the cities of Judah.
Jeremiah 34:17	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ye have not hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbour: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the LORD, to the sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.
Jeremiah 35:5	And I set before the sons of the house of the Rechabites pots full of wine, and cups, and I said unto them, Drink ye wine.
Jeremiah 35:15	I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, saying, Return ye now every man from his evil way, and amend your doings, and go not after other gods to serve them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers: but ye have not inclined your ear, nor hearkened unto me.
Jeremiah 36:6	Therefore go thou, and read in the roll, which thou hast written from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the LORD's house upon the fasting day: and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of their cities.
Jeremiah 36:16	Now it came to pass, when they had heard all the words, they were afraid both one and other, and said unto Baruch, We will surely tell the king of all these words.
Jeremiah 36:26	But the king commanded Jerahmeel the son of Hammelech, and Seraiah the son of Azriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abdeel, to take Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet: but the LORD hid them.
Jeremiah 37:4	Now Jeremiah came in and went out among the people: for they had not put him into prison.
Jeremiah 37:14	Then said Jeremiah, It is false; I fall not away to the Chaldeans. But he hearkened not to him: so Irijah took Jeremiah, and brought him to the princes.
Jeremiah 38:3	Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which shall take it.
Jeremiah 38:13	So they drew up Jeremiah with cords, and took him up out of the dungeon: and Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.
Jeremiah 38:23	So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon: and thou shalt cause this city to be burned with fire.
Jeremiah 39:5	But the Chaldeans' army pursued after them, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho: and when they had taken him, they brought him up to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath, where he gave judgment upon him.
Jeremiah 39:15	Now the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah, while he was shut up in the court of the prison, saying,
Jeremiah 40:7	Now when all the captains of the forces which were in the fields, even they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam governor in the land, and had committed unto him men, and women, and children, and of the poor of the land, of them that were not carried away captive to Babylon;
Jeremiah 41:1	Now it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, and the princes of the king, even ten men with him, came unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and there they did eat bread together in Mizpah.
Jeremiah 41:11	But when Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, heard of all the evil that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had done,
Jeremiah 42:3	That the LORD thy God may shew us the way wherein we may walk, and the thing that we may do.
Jeremiah 42:13	But if ye say, We will not dwell in this land, neither obey the voice of the LORD your God,
Jeremiah 43:1	And it came to pass, that when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking unto all the people all the words of the LORD their God, for which the LORD their God had sent him to them, even all these words,
Jeremiah 43:11	And when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for the sword to the sword.
Jeremiah 44:8	In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of Egypt, whither ye be gone to dwell, that ye might cut yourselves off, and that ye might be a curse and a reproach among all the nations of the earth?
Jeremiah 44:18	But since we left off to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, we have wanted all things, and have been consumed by the sword and by the famine.
Jeremiah 44:28	Yet a small number that escape the sword shall return out of the land of Egypt into the land of Judah, and all the remnant of Judah, that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall know whose words shall stand, mine, or their's.
Jeremiah 46:3	Order ye the buckler and shield, and draw near to battle.
Jeremiah 46:13	The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt.
Jeremiah 46:23	They shall cut down her forest, saith the LORD, though it cannot be searched; because they are more than the grasshoppers, and are innumerable.
Jeremiah 47:5	Baldness is come upon Gaza; Ashkelon is cut off with the remnant of their valley: how long wilt thou cut thyself?
Jeremiah 48:8	And the spoiler shall come upon every city, and no city shall escape: the valley also shall perish, and the plain shall be destroyed, as the LORD hath spoken.
Jeremiah 48:18	Thou daughter that dost inhabit Dibon, come down from thy glory, and sit in thirst; for the spoiler of Moab shall come upon thee, and he shall destroy thy strong holds.
Jeremiah 48:28	O ye that dwell in Moab, leave the cities, and dwell in the rock, and be like the dove that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole's mouth.
Jeremiah 48:38	There shall be lamentation generally upon all the housetops of Moab, and in the streets thereof: for I have broken Moab like a vessel wherein is no pleasure, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:1	Concerning the Ammonites, thus saith the LORD; Hath Israel no sons? hath he no heir? why then doth their king inherit Gad, and his people dwell in his cities?
Jeremiah 49:11	Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me.
Jeremiah 49:21	The earth is moved at the noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea.
Jeremiah 49:31	Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone.
Jeremiah 50:2	Declare ye among the nations, and publish, and set up a standard; publish, and conceal not: say, Babylon is taken, Bel is confounded, Merodach is broken in pieces; her idols are confounded, her images are broken in pieces.
Jeremiah 50:12	Your mother shall be sore confounded; she that bare you shall be ashamed: behold, the hindermost of the nations shall be a wilderness, a dry land, and a desert.
Jeremiah 50:22	A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction.
Jeremiah 50:32	And the most proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kindle a fire in his cities, and it shall devour all round about him.
Jeremiah 50:42	They shall hold the bow and the lance: they are cruel, and will not shew mercy: their voice shall roar like the sea, and they shall ride upon horses, every one put in array, like a man to the battle, against thee, O daughter of Babylon.
Jeremiah 51:6	Flee out of the midst of Babylon, and deliver every man his soul: be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of the LORD's vengeance; he will render unto her a recompence.
Jeremiah 51:16	When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens; and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth: he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.
Jeremiah 51:26	And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundations; but thou shalt be desolate for ever, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 51:36	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will plead thy cause, and take vengeance for thee; and I will dry up her sea, and make her springs dry.
Jeremiah 51:46	And lest your heart faint, and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall both come one year, and after that in another year shall come a rumour, and violence in the land, ruler against ruler.
Jeremiah 51:56	Because the spoiler is come upon her, even upon Babylon, and her mighty men are taken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompences shall surely requite.
Jeremiah 52:2	And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.
Jeremiah 52:12	Now in the fifth month, in the tenth day of the month, which was the nineteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, which served the king of Babylon, into Jerusalem,
Jeremiah 52:22	And a chapiter of brass was upon it; and the height of one chapiter was five cubits, with network and pomegranates upon the chapiters round about, all of brass. The second pillar also and the pomegranates were like unto these.
Jeremiah 52:32	And spake kindly unto him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon,
Lamentations 1:8	Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all that honoured her despise her, because they have seen her nakedness: yea, she sigheth, and turneth backward.
Lamentations 1:18	The LORD is righteous; for I have rebelled against his commandment: hear, I pray you, all people, and behold my sorrow: my virgins and my young men are gone into captivity.
Lamentations 2:6	And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle, as if it were of a garden: he hath destroyed his places of the assembly: the LORD hath caused the solemn feasts and sabbaths to be forgotten in Zion, and hath despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest.
Lamentations 2:16	All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee: they hiss and gnash the teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: certainly this is the day that we looked for; we have found, we have seen it.
Lamentations 3:4	My flesh and my skin hath he made old; he hath broken my bones.
Lamentations 3:14	I was a derision to all my people; and their song all the day.
Lamentations 3:24	The LORD is my portion, saith my soul; therefore will I hope in him.
Lamentations 3:34	To crush under his feet all the prisoners of the earth.
Lamentations 3:44	Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass through.
Lamentations 3:54	Waters flowed over mine head; then I said, I am cut off.
Lamentations 3:64	Render unto them a recompence, O LORD, according to the work of their hands.
Lamentations 4:8	Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the streets: their skin cleaveth to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick.
Lamentations 4:18	They hunt our steps, that we cannot go in our streets: our end is near, our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.
Lamentations 5:6	We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to the Assyrians, to be satisfied with bread.
Lamentations 5:16	The crown is fallen from our head: woe unto us, that we have sinned!
Ezekiel 1:4	And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire.
Ezekiel 1:14	And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning.
Ezekiel 1:24	And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of great waters, as the voice of the Almighty, the voice of speech, as the noise of an host: when they stood, they let down their wings.
Ezekiel 2:6	And thou, son of man, be not afraid of them, neither be afraid of their words, though briers and thorns be with thee, and thou dost dwell among scorpions: be not afraid of their words, nor be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 3:6	Not to many people of a strange speech and of an hard language, whose words thou canst not understand. Surely, had I sent thee to them, they would have hearkened unto thee.
Ezekiel 3:16	And it came to pass at the end of seven days, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 3:26	And I will make thy tongue cleave to the roof of thy mouth, that thou shalt be dumb, and shalt not be to them a reprover: for they are a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 4:9	Take thou also unto thee wheat, and barley, and beans, and lentiles, and millet, and fitches, and put them in one vessel, and make thee bread thereof, according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon thy side, three hundred and ninety days shalt thou eat thereof.
Ezekiel 5:2	Thou shalt burn with fire a third part in the midst of the city, when the days of the siege are fulfilled: and thou shalt take a third part, and smite about it with a knife: and a third part thou shalt scatter in the wind; and I will draw out a sword after them.
Ezekiel 5:12	A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee: and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds, and I will draw out a sword after them.
Ezekiel 6:5	And I will lay the dead carcases of the children of Israel before their idols; and I will scatter your bones round about your altars.
Ezekiel 7:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 7:11	Violence is risen up into a rod of wickedness: none of them shall remain, nor of their multitude, nor of any of their's: neither shall there be wailing for them.
Ezekiel 7:21	And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey, and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil; and they shall pollute it.
Ezekiel 8:4	And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel was there, according to the vision that I saw in the plain.
Ezekiel 8:14	Then he brought me to the door of the gate of the LORD's house which was toward the north; and, behold, there sat women weeping for Tammuz.
Ezekiel 9:6	Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the mark; and begin at my sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house.
Ezekiel 10:5	And the sound of the cherubims' wings was heard even to the outer court, as the voice of the Almighty God when he speaketh.
Ezekiel 10:15	And the cherubims were lifted up. This is the living creature that I saw by the river of Chebar.
Ezekiel 11:3	Which say, It is not near; let us build houses: this city is the caldron, and we be the flesh.
Ezekiel 11:13	And it came to pass, when I prophesied, that Pelatiah the son of Benaiah died. Then fell I down upon my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou make a full end of the remnant of Israel?
Ezekiel 11:23	And the glory of the LORD went up from the midst of the city, and stood upon the mountain which is on the east side of the city.
Ezekiel 12:8	And in the morning came the word of the LORD unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:18	Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness;
Ezekiel 12:28	Therefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; There shall none of my words be prolonged any more, but the word which I have spoken shall be done, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 13:10	Because, even because they have seduced my people, saying, Peace; and there was no peace; and one built up a wall, and, lo, others daubed it with untempered morter:
Ezekiel 13:20	Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against your pillows, wherewith ye there hunt the souls to make them fly, and I will tear them from your arms, and will let the souls go, even the souls that ye hunt to make them fly.
Ezekiel 14:7	For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel, which separateth himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself:
Ezekiel 14:17	Or if I bring a sword upon that land, and say, Sword, go through the land; so that I cut off man and beast from it:
Ezekiel 15:4	Behold, it is cast into the fire for fuel; the fire devoureth both the ends of it, and the midst of it is burned. Is it meet for any work?
Ezekiel 16:6	And when I passed by thee, and saw thee polluted in thine own blood, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live; yea, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live.
Ezekiel 16:16	And of thy garments thou didst take, and deckedst thy high places with divers colours, and playedst the harlot thereupon: the like things shall not come, neither shall it be so.
Ezekiel 16:26	Thou hast also committed fornication with the Egyptians thy neighbours, great of flesh; and hast increased thy whoredoms, to provoke me to anger.
Ezekiel 16:36	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thy filthiness was poured out, and thy nakedness discovered through thy whoredoms with thy lovers, and with all the idols of thy abominations, and by the blood of thy children, which thou didst give unto them;
Ezekiel 16:46	And thine elder sister is Samaria, she and her daughters that dwell at thy left hand: and thy younger sister, that dwelleth at thy right hand, is Sodom and her daughters.
Ezekiel 16:56	For thy sister Sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the day of thy pride,
Ezekiel 17:3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; A great eagle with great wings, longwinged, full of feathers, which had divers colours, came unto Lebanon, and took the highest branch of the cedar:
Ezekiel 17:13	And hath taken of the king's seed, and made a covenant with him, and hath taken an oath of him: he hath also taken the mighty of the land:
Ezekiel 17:23	In the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it: and it shall bring forth boughs, and bear fruit, and be a goodly cedar: and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing; in the shadow of the branches thereof shall they dwell.
Ezekiel 18:9	Hath walked in my statutes, and hath kept my judgments, to deal truly; he is just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 18:19	Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live.
Ezekiel 18:29	Yet saith the house of Israel, The way of the LORD is not equal. O house of Israel, are not my ways equal? are not your ways unequal?
Ezekiel 19:7	And he knew their desolate palaces, and he laid waste their cities; and the land was desolate, and the fulness thereof, by the noise of his roaring.
Ezekiel 20:3	Son of man, speak unto the elders of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Are ye come to enquire of me? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you.
Ezekiel 20:13	But the house of Israel rebelled against me in the wilderness: they walked not in my statutes, and they despised my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; and my sabbaths they greatly polluted: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them in the wilderness, to consume them.
Ezekiel 20:23	I lifted up mine hand unto them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the heathen, and disperse them through the countries;
Ezekiel 20:33	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out, will I rule over you:
Ezekiel 20:43	And there shall ye remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed.
Ezekiel 21:4	Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north:
Ezekiel 21:14	Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which entereth into their privy chambers.
Ezekiel 21:24	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the hand.
Ezekiel 22:2	Now, thou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the bloody city? yea, thou shalt shew her all her abominations.
Ezekiel 22:12	In thee have they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and thou hast greedily gained of thy neighbours by extortion, and hast forgotten me, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 22:22	As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace, so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you.
Ezekiel 23:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 23:11	And when her sister Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than she, and in her whoredoms more than her sister in her whoredoms.
Ezekiel 23:21	Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth, in bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth.
Ezekiel 23:31	Thou hast walked in the way of thy sister; therefore will I give her cup into thine hand.
Ezekiel 23:41	And satest upon a stately bed, and a table prepared before it, whereupon thou hast set mine incense and mine oil.
Ezekiel 24:2	Son of man, write thee the name of the day, even of this same day: the king of Babylon set himself against Jerusalem this same day.
Ezekiel 24:12	She hath wearied herself with lies, and her great scum went not forth out of her: her scum shall be in the fire.
Ezekiel 24:22	And ye shall do as I have done: ye shall not cover your lips, nor eat the bread of men.
Ezekiel 25:5	And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels, and the Ammonites a couching place for flocks: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 25:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the Philistines have dealt by revenge, and have taken vengeance with a despiteful heart, to destroy it for the old hatred;
Ezekiel 26:8	He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the field: and he shall make a fort against thee, and cast a mount against thee, and lift up the buckler against thee.
Ezekiel 26:18	Now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall; yea, the isles that are in the sea shall be troubled at thy departure.
Ezekiel 27:7	Fine linen with broidered work from Egypt was that which thou spreadest forth to be thy sail; blue and purple from the isles of Elishah was that which covered thee.
Ezekiel 27:17	Judah, and the land of Israel, they were thy merchants: they traded in thy market wheat of Minnith, and Pannag, and honey, and oil, and balm.
Ezekiel 27:27	Thy riches, and thy fairs, thy merchandise, thy mariners, and thy pilots, thy calkers, and the occupiers of thy merchandise, and all thy men of war, that are in thee, and in all thy company which is in the midst of thee, shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin.
Ezekiel 28:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 28:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 28:21	Son of man, set thy face against Zidon, and prophesy against it,
Ezekiel 29:5	And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness, thee and all the fish of thy rivers: thou shalt fall upon the open fields; thou shalt not be brought together, nor gathered: I have given thee for meat to the beasts of the field and to the fowls of the heaven.
Ezekiel 29:15	It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations.
Ezekiel 30:4	And the sword shall come upon Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain shall fall in Egypt, and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be broken down.
Ezekiel 30:14	And I will make Pathros desolate, and will set fire in Zoan, and will execute judgments in No.
Ezekiel 30:24	And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man.
Ezekiel 31:8	The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in his beauty.
Ezekiel 31:18	To whom art thou thus like in glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden? yet shalt thou be brought down with the trees of Eden unto the nether parts of the earth: thou shalt lie in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 32:10	Yea, I will make many people amazed at thee, and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee, when I shall brandish my sword before them; and they shall tremble at every moment, every man for his own life, in the day of thy fall.
Ezekiel 32:20	They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes.
Ezekiel 32:30	There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain; with their terror they are ashamed of their might; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword, and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit.
Ezekiel 33:8	When I say unto the wicked, O wicked man, thou shalt surely die; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand.
Ezekiel 33:18	When the righteous turneth from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, he shall even die thereby.
Ezekiel 33:28	For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate, that none shall pass through.
Ezekiel 34:5	And they were scattered, because there is no shepherd: and they became meat to all the beasts of the field, when they were scattered.
Ezekiel 34:15	I will feed my flock, and I will cause them to lie down, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 34:25	And I will make with them a covenant of peace, and will cause the evil beasts to cease out of the land: and they shall dwell safely in the wilderness, and sleep in the woods.
Ezekiel 35:4	I will lay thy cities waste, and thou shalt be desolate, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 35:14	Thus saith the Lord GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate.
Ezekiel 36:9	For, behold, I am for you, and I will turn unto you, and ye shall be tilled and sown:
Ezekiel 36:19	And I scattered them among the heathen, and they were dispersed through the countries: according to their way and according to their doings I judged them.
Ezekiel 36:29	I will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, and lay no famine upon you.
Ezekiel 37:1	The hand of the LORD was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the LORD, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones,
Ezekiel 37:11	Then he said unto me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel: behold, they say, Our bones are dried, and our hope is lost: we are cut off for our parts.
Ezekiel 37:21	And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land:
Ezekiel 38:3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:
Ezekiel 38:13	Sheba, and Dedan, and the merchants of Tarshish, with all the young lions thereof, shall say unto thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold, to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil?
Ezekiel 38:23	Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 39:10	So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 39:20	Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 40:1	In the five and twentieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither.
Ezekiel 40:11	And he measured the breadth of the entry of the gate, ten cubits; and the length of the gate, thirteen cubits.
Ezekiel 40:21	And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.
Ezekiel 40:31	And the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps.
Ezekiel 40:41	Four tables were on this side, and four tables on that side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their sacrifices.
Ezekiel 41:2	And the breadth of the door was ten cubits; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side: and he measured the length thereof, forty cubits: and the breadth, twenty cubits.
Ezekiel 41:12	Now the building that was before the separate place at the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about, and the length thereof ninety cubits.
Ezekiel 41:22	The altar of wood was three cubits high, and the length thereof two cubits; and the corners thereof, and the length thereof, and the walls thereof, were of wood: and he said unto me, This is the table that is before the LORD.
Ezekiel 42:6	For they were in three stories, but had not pillars as the pillars of the courts: therefore the building was straitened more than the lowest and the middlemost from the ground.
Ezekiel 42:16	He measured the east side with the measuring reed, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about.
Ezekiel 43:6	And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me.
Ezekiel 43:16	And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof.
Ezekiel 43:26	Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves.
Ezekiel 44:9	Thus saith the Lord GOD; No stranger, uncircumcised in heart, nor uncircumcised in flesh, shall enter into my sanctuary, of any stranger that is among the children of Israel.
Ezekiel 44:19	And when they go forth into the utter court, even into the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments.
Ezekiel 44:29	They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs.
Ezekiel 45:8	In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes.
Ezekiel 45:18	Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take a young bullock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary:
Ezekiel 46:3	Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons.
Ezekiel 46:13	Thou shalt daily prepare a burnt offering unto the LORD of a lamb of the first year without blemish: thou shalt prepare it every morning.
Ezekiel 46:23	And there was a row of building round about in them, round about them four, and it was made with boiling places under the rows round about.
Ezekiel 47:9	And it shall come to pass, that every thing that liveth, which moveth, whithersoever the rivers shall come, shall live: and there shall be a very great multitude of fish, because these waters shall come thither: for they shall be healed; and every thing shall live whither the river cometh.
Ezekiel 47:19	And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward.
Ezekiel 48:6	And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Reuben.
Ezekiel 48:16	And these shall be the measures thereof; the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and on the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred.
Ezekiel 48:26	And by the border of Issachar, from the east side unto the west side, Zebulun a portion.
Daniel 1:1	In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem, and besieged it.
Daniel 1:11	Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the prince of the eunuchs had set over Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah,
Daniel 1:21	And Daniel continued even unto the first year of king Cyrus.
Daniel 2:10	The Chaldeans answered before the king, and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king's matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean.
Daniel 2:20	Daniel answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his:
Daniel 2:30	But as for me, this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king, and that thou mightest know the thoughts of thy heart.
Daniel 2:40	And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all these, shall it break in pieces and bruise.
Daniel 3:1	Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon.
Daniel 3:11	And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
Daniel 3:21	Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace.
Daniel 4:1	Nebuchadnezzar the king, unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.
Daniel 4:11	The tree grew, and was strong, and the height thereof reached unto heaven, and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth:
Daniel 4:21	Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field dwelt, and upon whose branches the fowls of the heaven had their habitation:
Daniel 4:31	While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee.
Daniel 5:4	They drank wine, and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone.
Daniel 5:14	I have even heard of thee, that the spirit of the gods is in thee, and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee.
Daniel 5:24	Then was the part of the hand sent from him; and this writing was written.
Daniel 6:3	Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes, because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king thought to set him over the whole realm.
Daniel 6:13	Then answered they and said before the king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day.
Daniel 6:23	Then was the king exceedingly glad for him, and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God.
Daniel 7:5	And behold another beast, a second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it: and they said thus unto it, Arise, devour much flesh.
Daniel 7:15	I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.
Daniel 7:25	And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.
Daniel 8:7	And I saw him come close unto the ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and brake his two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand.
Daniel 8:17	So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell upon my face: but he said unto me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end shall be the vision.
Daniel 8:27	And I Daniel fainted, and was sick certain days; afterward I rose up, and did the king's business; and I was astonished at the vision, but none understood it.
Daniel 9:10	Neither have we obeyed the voice of the LORD our God, to walk in his laws, which he set before us by his servants the prophets.
Daniel 9:20	And whiles I was speaking, and praying, and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel, and presenting my supplication before the LORD my God for the holy mountain of my God;
Daniel 10:3	I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled.
Daniel 10:13	But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.
Daniel 11:2	And now will I shew thee the truth. Behold, there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia.
Daniel 11:12	And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengthened by it.
Daniel 11:22	And with the arms of a flood shall they be overflown from before him, and shall be broken; yea, also the prince of the covenant.
Daniel 11:32	And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.
Daniel 11:42	He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries: and the land of Egypt shall not escape.
Daniel 12:7	And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven, and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time, times, and an half; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished.
Hosea 1:4	And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.
Hosea 2:3	Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst.
Hosea 2:13	And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD.
Hosea 2:23	And I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and they shall say, Thou art my God.
Hosea 4:5	Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the prophet also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother.
Hosea 4:15	Though thou, Israel, play the harlot, yet let not Judah offend; and come not ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth.
Hosea 5:6	They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he hath withdrawn himself from them.
Hosea 6:1	Come, and let us return unto the LORD: for he hath torn, and he will heal us; he hath smitten, and he will bind us up.
Hosea 6:11	Also, O Judah, he hath set an harvest for thee, when I returned the captivity of my people.
Hosea 7:10	And the pride of Israel testifieth to his face: and they do not return to the LORD their God, nor seek him for all this.
Hosea 8:4	They have set up kings, but not by me: they have made princes, and I knew it not: of their silver and their gold have they made them idols, that they may be cut off.
Hosea 8:14	For Israel hath forgotten his Maker, and buildeth temples; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire upon his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof.
Hosea 9:10	I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the fig tree at her first time: but they went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved.
Hosea 10:3	For now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not the LORD; what then should a king do to us?
Hosea 10:13	Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.
Hosea 11:8	How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together.
Hosea 12:6	Therefore turn thou to thy God: keep mercy and judgment and wait on thy God continually.
Hosea 13:2	And now they sin more and more, and have made them molten images of their silver, and idols according to their own understanding, all of it the work of the craftsmen: they say of them, Let the men that sacrifice kiss the calves.
Hosea 13:12	The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid.
Hosea 14:6	His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon.
Joel 1:7	He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white.
Joel 1:17	The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the corn is withered.
Joel 2:7	They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:
Joel 2:17	Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, Spare thy people, O LORD, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God?
Joel 2:27	And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed.
Joel 3:5	Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things:
Joel 3:15	The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining.
Amos 1:4	But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad.
Amos 1:14	But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind:
Amos 2:9	Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath.
Amos 3:3	Can two walk together, except they be agreed?
Amos 3:13	Hear ye, and testify in the house of Jacob, saith the Lord GOD, the God of hosts,
Amos 4:8	So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Amos 5:5	But seek not Bethel, nor enter into Gilgal, and pass not to Beersheba: for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity, and Bethel shall come to nought.
Amos 5:15	Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish judgment in the gate: it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph.
Amos 5:25	Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?
Amos 6:8	The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein.
Amos 7:4	Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great deep, and did eat up a part.
Amos 7:14	Then answered Amos, and said to Amaziah, I was no prophet, neither was I a prophet's son; but I was an herdman, and a gatherer of sycomore fruit:
Amos 8:7	The LORD hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob, Surely I will never forget any of their works.
Amos 9:3	And though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel, I will search and take them out thence; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea, thence will I command the serpent, and he shall bite them:
Amos 9:13	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the plowman shall overtake the reaper, and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed; and the mountains shall drop sweet wine, and all the hills shall melt.
Obadiah 1:8	Shall I not in that day, saith the LORD, even destroy the wise men out of Edom, and understanding out of the mount of Esau?
Obadiah 1:18	And the house of Jacob shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD hath spoken it.
Jonah 1:7	And they said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us. So they cast lots, and the lot fell upon Jonah.
Jonah 1:17	Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
Jonah 2:10	And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.
Jonah 3:10	And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said that he would do unto them; and he did it not.
Jonah 4:10	Then said the LORD, Thou hast had pity on the gourd, for the which thou hast not laboured, neither madest it grow; which came up in a night, and perished in a night:
Micah 1:9	For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem.
Micah 2:3	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil.
Micah 2:13	The breaker is come up before them: they have broken up, and have passed through the gate, and are gone out by it: and their king shall pass before them, and the LORD on the head of them.
Micah 3:10	They build up Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with iniquity.
Micah 4:8	And thou, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem.
Micah 5:5	And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men.
Micah 5:15	And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as they have not heard.
Micah 6:10	Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?
Micah 7:4	The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge: the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their perplexity.
Micah 7:14	Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old.
Nahum 1:4	He rebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and drieth up all the rivers: Bashan languisheth, and Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon languisheth.
Nahum 1:14	And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee, that no more of thy name be sown: out of the house of thy gods will I cut off the graven image and the molten image: I will make thy grave; for thou art vile.
Nahum 2:9	Take ye the spoil of silver, take the spoil of gold: for there is none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant furniture.
Nahum 3:6	And I will cast abominable filth upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock.
Nahum 3:16	Thou hast multiplied thy merchants above the stars of heaven: the cankerworm spoileth, and fleeth away.
Habakkuk 1:7	They are terrible and dreadful: their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves.
Habakkuk 1:17	Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations?
Habakkuk 2:10	Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul.
Habakkuk 2:20	But the LORD is in his holy temple: let all the earth keep silence before him.
Habakkuk 3:10	The mountains saw thee, and they trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high.
Zephaniah 1:1	The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah.
Zephaniah 1:11	Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off.
Zephaniah 2:3	Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD's anger.
Zephaniah 2:13	And he will stretch out his hand against the north, and destroy Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, and dry like a wilderness.
Zephaniah 3:8	Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy.
Zephaniah 3:18	I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was a burden.
Haggai 1:8	Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the LORD.
Haggai 2:3	Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing?
Haggai 2:13	Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these, shall it be unclean? And the priests answered and said, It shall be unclean.
Haggai 2:23	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, saith the LORD, and will make thee as a signet: for I have chosen thee, saith the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 1:10	And the man that stood among the myrtle trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth.
Zechariah 1:20	And the LORD shewed me four carpenters.
Zechariah 2:9	For, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall be a spoil to their servants: and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me.
Zechariah 3:6	And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying,
Zechariah 4:6	Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 5:2	And he said unto me, What seest thou? And I answered, I see a flying roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits.
Zechariah 6:1	And I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came four chariots out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of brass.
Zechariah 6:11	Then take silver and gold, and make crowns, and set them upon the head of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest;
Zechariah 7:6	And when ye did eat, and when ye did drink, did not ye eat for yourselves, and drink for yourselves?
Zechariah 8:2	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy, and I was jealous for her with great fury.
Zechariah 8:12	For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things.
Zechariah 8:22	Yea, many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the LORD.
Zechariah 9:9	Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.
Zechariah 10:2	For the idols have spoken vanity, and the diviners have seen a lie, and have told false dreams; they comfort in vain: therefore they went their way as a flock, they were troubled, because there was no shepherd.
Zechariah 10:12	And I will strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and down in his name, saith the LORD.
Zechariah 11:10	And I took my staff, even Beauty, and cut it asunder, that I might break my covenant which I had made with all the people.
Zechariah 12:3	And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it.
Zechariah 12:13	The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart;
Zechariah 13:9	And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined, and will try them as gold is tried: they shall call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and they shall say, The LORD is my God.
Zechariah 14:10	All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem: and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin's gate unto the place of the first gate, unto the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel unto the king's winepresses.
Zechariah 14:20	In that day shall there be upon the bells of the horses, HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD; and the pots in the LORD's house shall be like the bowls before the altar.
Malachi 1:9	And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your means: will he regard your persons? saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 2:5	My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name.
Malachi 2:15	And did not he make one? Yet had he the residue of the spirit. And wherefore one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed to your spirit, and let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth.
Malachi 3:8	Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.
Malachi 3:18	Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not.
Matthew 1:4	And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;
Matthew 1:14	And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;
Matthew 1:24	Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife:
Matthew 2:9	When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they saw in the east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was.
Matthew 2:19	But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt,
Matthew 3:6	And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.
Matthew 3:16	And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:
Matthew 4:9	And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.
Matthew 4:19	And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
Matthew 5:4	Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.
Matthew 5:14	Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.
Matthew 5:24	Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift.
Matthew 5:34	But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is God's throne:
Matthew 5:44	But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;
Matthew 6:6	But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.
Matthew 6:16	Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
Matthew 6:26	Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?
Matthew 7:2	For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.
Matthew 7:12	Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
Matthew 7:22	Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?
Matthew 8:3	And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.
Matthew 8:13	And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.
Matthew 8:23	And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him.
Matthew 8:33	And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils.
Matthew 9:9	And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him.
Matthew 9:19	And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples.
Matthew 9:29	Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.
Matthew 10:1	And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.
Matthew 10:11	And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence.
Matthew 10:21	And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.
Matthew 10:31	Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows.
Matthew 10:41	He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward.
Matthew 11:9	But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto you, and more than a prophet.
Matthew 11:19	The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say, Behold a man gluttonous, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children.
Matthew 11:29	Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
Matthew 12:9	And when he was departed thence, he went into their synagogue:
Matthew 12:19	He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets.
Matthew 12:29	Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house.
Matthew 12:39	But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:
Matthew 12:49	And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!
Matthew 13:9	Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Matthew 13:19	When any one heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the way side.
Matthew 13:29	But he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.
Matthew 13:39	The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels.
Matthew 13:49	So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just,
Matthew 14:1	At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus,
Matthew 14:11	And his head was brought in a charger, and given to the damsel: and she brought it to her mother.
Matthew 14:21	And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.
Matthew 14:31	And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unto him, O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?
Matthew 15:5	But ye say, Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, It is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me;
Matthew 15:15	Then answered Peter and said unto him, Declare unto us this parable.
Matthew 15:25	Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me.
Matthew 15:35	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground.
Matthew 16:6	Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.
Matthew 16:16	And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Matthew 16:26	For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
Matthew 17:8	And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus only.
Matthew 17:18	And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour.
Matthew 18:1	At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?
Matthew 18:11	For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.
Matthew 18:21	Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?
Matthew 18:31	So when his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done.
Matthew 19:6	Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
Matthew 19:16	And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Matthew 19:26	But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.
Matthew 20:6	And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?
Matthew 20:16	So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.
Matthew 20:26	But it shall not be so among you: but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister;
Matthew 21:2	Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me.
Matthew 21:12	And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves,
Matthew 21:22	And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.
Matthew 21:32	For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye might believe him.
Matthew 21:42	Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner: this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?
Matthew 22:6	And the remnant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them.
Matthew 22:16	And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men.
Matthew 22:26	Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.
Matthew 22:36	Master, which is the great commandment in the law?
Matthew 22:46	And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.
Matthew 23:10	Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ.
Matthew 23:20	Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon.
Matthew 23:30	And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets.
Matthew 24:1	And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple.
Matthew 24:11	And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.
Matthew 24:21	For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Matthew 24:31	And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.
Matthew 24:41	Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Matthew 24:51	And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 25:10	And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.
Matthew 25:20	And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more.
Matthew 25:30	And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 25:40	And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
Matthew 26:4	And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him.
Matthew 26:14	Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests,
Matthew 26:24	The Son of man goeth as it is written of him: but woe unto that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for that man if he had not been born.
Matthew 26:34	Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
Matthew 26:44	And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.
Matthew 26:54	But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?
Matthew 26:64	Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.
Matthew 26:74	Then began he to curse and to swear, saying, I know not the man. And immediately the cock crew.
Matthew 27:9	Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying, And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;
Matthew 27:19	When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him.
Matthew 27:29	And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!
Matthew 27:39	And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,
Matthew 27:49	The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him.
Matthew 27:59	And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,
Matthew 28:3	His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:
Matthew 28:13	Saying, Say ye, His disciples came by night, and stole him away while we slept.
Mark 1:3	The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
Mark 1:13	And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.
Mark 1:23	And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out,
Mark 1:33	And all the city was gathered together at the door.
Mark 1:43	And he straitly charged him, and forthwith sent him away;
Mark 2:8	And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?
Mark 2:18	And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not?
Mark 2:28	Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.
Mark 3:10	For he had healed many; insomuch that they pressed upon him for to touch him, as many as had plagues.
Mark 3:20	And the multitude cometh together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread.
Mark 3:30	Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit.
Mark 4:5	And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth:
Mark 4:15	And these are they by the way side, where the word is sown; but when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately, and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts.
Mark 4:25	For he that hath, to him shall be given: and he that hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he hath.
Mark 4:35	And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.
Mark 5:4	Because that he had been often bound with fetters and chains, and the chains had been plucked asunder by him, and the fetters broken in pieces: neither could any man tame him.
Mark 5:14	And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done.
Mark 5:24	And Jesus went with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him.
Mark 5:34	And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.
Mark 6:1	And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him.
Mark 6:11	And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
Mark 6:21	And when a convenient day was come, that Herod on his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee;
Mark 6:31	And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat.
Mark 6:41	And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.
Mark 6:51	And he went up unto them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered.
Mark 7:5	Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands?
Mark 7:15	There is nothing from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that defile the man.
Mark 7:25	For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him, and came and fell at his feet:
Mark 7:35	And straightway his ears were opened, and the string of his tongue was loosed, and he spake plain.
Mark 8:8	So they did eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets.
Mark 8:18	Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?
Mark 8:28	And they answered, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others, One of the prophets.
Mark 8:38	Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.
Mark 9:10	And they kept that saying with themselves, questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean.
Mark 9:20	And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.
Mark 9:30	And they departed thence, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it.
Mark 9:40	For he that is not against us is on our part.
Mark 9:50	Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his saltness, wherewith will ye season it? Have salt in yourselves, and have peace one with another.
Mark 10:10	And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter.
Mark 10:20	And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.
Mark 10:30	But he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life.
Mark 10:40	But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared.
Mark 10:50	And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.
Mark 11:8	And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strawed them in the way.
Mark 11:18	And the scribes and chief priests heard it, and sought how they might destroy him: for they feared him, because all the people was astonished at his doctrine.
Mark 11:28	And say unto him, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things?
Mark 12:5	And again he sent another; and him they killed, and many others; beating some, and killing some.
Mark 12:15	Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may see it.
Mark 12:25	For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven.
Mark 12:35	And Jesus answered and said, while he taught in the temple, How say the scribes that Christ is the son of David?
Mark 13:1	And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples saith unto him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here!
Mark 13:11	But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost.
Mark 13:21	And then if any man shall say to you, Lo, here is Christ; or, lo, he is there; believe him not:
Mark 13:31	Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Mark 14:4	And there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said, Why was this waste of the ointment made?
Mark 14:14	And wheresoever he shall go in, say ye to the goodman of the house, The Master saith, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?
Mark 14:24	And he said unto them, This is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many.
Mark 14:34	And saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch.
Mark 14:44	And he that betrayed him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he; take him, and lead him away safely.
Mark 14:54	And Peter followed him afar off, even into the palace of the high priest: and he sat with the servants, and warmed himself at the fire.
Mark 14:64	Ye have heard the blasphemy: what think ye? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death.
Mark 15:2	And Pilate asked him, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answering said unto them, Thou sayest it.
Mark 15:12	And Pilate answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews?
Mark 15:22	And they bring him unto the place Golgotha, which is, being interpreted, The place of a skull.
Mark 15:32	Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him.
Mark 15:42	And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,
Mark 16:5	And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.
Mark 16:15	And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
Luke 1:5	THERE was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth.
Luke 1:15	For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.
Luke 1:25	Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me, to take away my reproach among men.
Luke 1:35	And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.
Luke 1:45	And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord.
Luke 1:55	As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever.
Luke 1:65	And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea.
Luke 1:75	In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.
Luke 2:5	To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.
Luke 2:15	And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us.
Luke 2:25	And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.
Luke 2:35	(Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed.
Luke 2:45	And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him.
Luke 3:3	And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins;
Luke 3:13	And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you.
Luke 3:23	And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli,
Luke 3:33	Which was the son of Aminadab, which was the son of Aram, which was the son of Esrom, which was the son of Phares, which was the son of Juda,
Luke 4:5	And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.
Luke 4:15	And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all.
Luke 4:25	But I tell you of a truth, many widows were in Israel in the days of Elias, when the heaven was shut up three years and six months, when great famine was throughout all the land;
Luke 4:35	And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the midst, he came out of him, and hurt him not.
Luke 5:1	And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,
Luke 5:11	And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed him.
Luke 5:21	And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?
Luke 5:31	And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick.
Luke 6:2	And certain of the Pharisees said unto them, Why do ye that which is not lawful to do on the sabbath days?
Luke 6:12	And it came to pass in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God.
Luke 6:22	Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake.
Luke 6:32	For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for sinners also love those that love them.
Luke 6:42	Either how canst thou say to thy brother, Brother, let me pull out the mote that is in thine eye, when thou thyself beholdest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Thou hypocrite, cast out first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote that is in thy brother's eye.
Luke 7:3	And when he heard of Jesus, he sent unto him the elders of the Jews, beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant.
Luke 7:13	And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, Weep not.
Luke 7:23	And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.
Luke 7:33	For John the Baptist came neither eating bread nor drinking wine; and ye say, He hath a devil.
Luke 7:43	Simon answered and said, I suppose that he, to whom he forgave most. And he said unto him, Thou hast rightly judged.
Luke 8:3	And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered unto him of their substance.
Luke 8:13	They on the rock are they, which, when they hear, receive the word with joy; and these have no root, which for a while believe, and in time of temptation fall away.
Luke 8:23	But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy.
Luke 8:33	Then went the devils out of the man, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were choked.
Luke 8:43	And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,
Luke 8:53	And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.
Luke 9:7	Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him: and he was perplexed, because that it was said of some, that John was risen from the dead;
Luke 9:17	And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.
Luke 9:27	But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the kingdom of God.
Luke 9:37	And it came to pass, that on the next day, when they were come down from the hill, much people met him.
Luke 9:47	And Jesus, perceiving the thought of their heart, took a child, and set him by him,
Luke 9:57	And it came to pass, that, as they went in the way, a certain man said unto him, Lord, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.
Luke 10:5	And into whatsoever house ye enter, first say, Peace be to this house.
Luke 10:15	And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell.
Luke 10:25	And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Luke 10:35	And on the morrow when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him, Take care of him; and whatsoever thou spendest more, when I come again, I will repay thee.
Luke 11:3	Give us day by day our daily bread.
Luke 11:13	If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?
Luke 11:23	He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathereth not with me scattereth.
Luke 11:33	No man, when he hath lighted a candle, putteth it in a secret place, neither under a bushel, but on a candlestick, that they which come in may see the light.
Luke 11:43	Woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets.
Luke 11:53	And as he said these things unto them, the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently, and to provoke him to speak of many things:
Luke 12:9	But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God.
Luke 12:19	And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry.
Luke 12:29	And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind.
Luke 12:39	And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through.
Luke 12:49	I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I, if it be already kindled?
Luke 12:59	I tell thee, thou shalt not depart thence, till thou hast paid the very last mite.
Luke 13:10	And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath.
Luke 13:20	And again he said, Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God?
Luke 13:30	And, behold, there are last which shall be first, and there are first which shall be last.
Luke 14:5	And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?
Luke 14:15	And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things, he said unto him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God.
Luke 14:25	And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them,
Luke 14:35	It is neither fit for the land, nor yet for the dunghill; but men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Luke 15:10	Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.
Luke 15:20	And he arose, and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck, and kissed him.
Luke 15:30	But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.
Luke 16:8	And the lord commended the unjust steward, because he had done wisely: for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than the children of light.
Luke 16:18	Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.
Luke 16:28	For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.
Luke 17:7	But which of you, having a servant plowing or feeding cattle, will say unto him by and by, when he is come from the field, Go and sit down to meat?
Luke 17:17	And Jesus answering said, Were there not ten cleansed? but where are the nine?
Luke 17:27	They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.
Luke 17:37	And they answered and said unto him, Where, Lord? And he said unto them, Wheresoever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together.
Luke 18:10	Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican.
Luke 18:20	Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother.
Luke 18:30	Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting.
Luke 18:40	And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,
Luke 19:7	And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That he was gone to be guest with a man that is a sinner.
Luke 19:17	And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been faithful in a very little, have thou authority over ten cities.
Luke 19:27	But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.
Luke 19:37	And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;
Luke 19:47	And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him,
Luke 20:9	Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and let it forth to husbandmen, and went into a far country for a long time.
Luke 20:19	And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him; and they feared the people: for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against them.
Luke 20:29	There were therefore seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and died without children.
Luke 20:39	Then certain of the scribes answering said, Master, thou hast well said.
Luke 21:2	And he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites.
Luke 21:12	But before all these, they shall lay their hands on you, and persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues, and into prisons, being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake.
Luke 21:22	For these be the days of vengeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled.
Luke 21:32	Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled.
Luke 22:4	And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray him unto them.
Luke 22:14	And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him.
Luke 22:24	And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest.
Luke 22:34	And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me.
Luke 22:44	And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground.
Luke 22:54	Then took they him, and led him, and brought him into the high priest's house. And Peter followed afar off.
Luke 22:64	And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?
Luke 23:3	And Pilate asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answered him and said, Thou sayest it.
Luke 23:13	And Pilate, when he had called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people,
Luke 23:23	And they were instant with loud voices, requiring that he might be crucified. And the voices of them and of the chief priests prevailed.
Luke 23:33	And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.
Luke 23:43	And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.
Luke 23:53	And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid.
Luke 24:7	Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again.
Luke 24:17	And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?
Luke 24:27	And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself.
Luke 24:37	But they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit.
Luke 24:47	And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.
John 1:4	In him was life; and the life was the light of men.
John 1:14	And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
John 1:24	And they which were sent were of the Pharisees.
John 1:34	And I saw, and bare record that this is the Son of God.
John 1:44	Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.
John 2:3	And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine.
John 2:13	And the Jews' passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
John 2:23	Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did.
John 3:8	The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.
John 3:18	He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.
John 3:28	Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him.
John 4:2	(Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)
John 4:12	Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?
John 4:22	Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews.
John 4:32	But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of.
John 4:42	And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world.
John 4:52	Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him.
John 5:8	Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.
John 5:18	Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.
John 5:28	Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,
John 5:38	And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not.
John 6:1	After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias.
John 6:11	And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would.
John 6:21	Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went.
John 6:31	Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat.
John 6:41	The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven.
John 6:51	I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.
John 6:61	When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you?
John 6:71	He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve.
John 7:10	But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.
John 7:20	The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?
John 7:30	Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come.
John 7:40	Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet.
John 7:50	Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)
John 8:7	So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
John 8:17	It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true.
John 8:27	They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.
John 8:37	I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you.
John 8:47	He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God.
John 8:57	Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?
John 9:8	The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?
John 9:18	But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.
John 9:28	Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples.
John 9:38	And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.
John 10:7	Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.
John 10:17	Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.
John 10:27	My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:
John 10:37	If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.
John 11:5	Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.
John 11:15	And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.
John 11:25	Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:
John 11:35	Jesus wept.
John 11:45	Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.
John 11:55	And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves.
John 12:8	For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always.
John 12:18	For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
John 12:28	Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again.
John 12:38	That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?
John 12:48	He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.
John 13:8	Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me.
John 13:18	I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.
John 13:28	Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.
John 13:38	Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice.
John 14:10	Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.
John 14:20	At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.
John 14:30	Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.
John 15:9	As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.
John 15:19	If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.
John 16:2	They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.
John 16:12	I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
John 16:22	And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you.
John 16:32	Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me.
John 17:9	I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine.
John 17:19	And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.
John 18:3	Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.
John 18:13	And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year.
John 18:23	Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?
John 18:33	Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?
John 19:3	And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands.
John 19:13	When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha.
John 19:23	Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.
John 19:33	But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:
John 20:1	The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre.
John 20:11	But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre,
John 20:21	Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.
John 20:31	But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.
John 21:10	Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish which ye have now caught.
John 21:20	Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee?
Acts 1:5	For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.
Acts 1:15	And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)
Acts 1:25	That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place.
Acts 2:9	Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia,
Acts 2:19	And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:
Acts 2:29	Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day.
Acts 2:39	For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the LORD our God shall call.
Acts 3:2	And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;
Acts 3:12	And when Peter saw it, he answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk?
Acts 3:22	For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.
Acts 4:6	And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem.
Acts 4:16	Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.
Acts 4:26	The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ.
Acts 4:36	And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus,
Acts 5:9	Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out.
Acts 5:19	But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said,
Acts 5:29	Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men.
Acts 5:39	But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.
Acts 6:7	And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith.
Acts 7:2	And he said, Men, brethren, and fathers, hearken; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt in Charran,
Acts 7:12	But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first.
Acts 7:22	And Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and was mighty in words and in deeds.
Acts 7:32	Saying, I am the God of thy fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and durst not behold.
Acts 7:42	Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?
Acts 7:52	Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers:
Acts 8:2	And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation over him.
Acts 8:12	But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.
Acts 8:22	Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.
Acts 8:32	The place of the scripture which he read was this, He was led as a sheep to the slaughter; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not his mouth:
Acts 9:2	And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem.
Acts 9:12	And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive his sight.
Acts 9:22	But Saul increased the more in strength, and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that this is very Christ.
Acts 9:32	And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down also to the saints which dwelt at Lydda.
Acts 9:42	And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord.
Acts 10:9	On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:
Acts 10:19	While Peter thought on the vision, the Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men seek thee.
Acts 10:29	Therefore came I unto you without gainsaying, as soon as I was sent for: I ask therefore for what intent ye have sent for me?
Acts 10:39	And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree:
Acts 11:1	And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God.
Acts 11:11	And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, sent from Caesarea unto me.
Acts 11:21	And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.
Acts 12:1	Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.
Acts 12:11	And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the LORD hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.
Acts 12:21	And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them.
Acts 13:6	And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:
Acts 13:16	Then Paul stood up, and beckoning with his hand said, Men of Israel, and ye that fear God, give audience.
Acts 13:26	Men and brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and whosoever among you feareth God, to you is the word of this salvation sent.
Acts 13:36	For David, after he had served his own generation by the will of God, fell on sleep, and was laid unto his fathers, and saw corruption:
Acts 13:46	Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, and said, It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you: but seeing ye put it from you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles.
Acts 14:4	But the multitude of the city was divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles.
Acts 14:14	Which when the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard of, they rent their clothes, and ran in among the people, crying out,
Acts 14:24	And after they had passed throughout Pisidia, they came to Pamphylia.
Acts 15:6	And the apostles and elders came together for to consider of this matter.
Acts 15:16	After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof, and I will set it up:
Acts 15:26	Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Acts 15:36	And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the LORD, and see how they do.
Acts 16:5	And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily.
Acts 16:15	And when she was baptized, and her household, she besought us, saying, If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house, and abide there. And she constrained us.
Acts 16:25	And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.
Acts 16:35	And when it was day, the magistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go.
Acts 17:5	But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people.
Acts 17:15	And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens: and receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed.
Acts 17:25	Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;
Acts 18:1	After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;
Acts 18:11	And he continued there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them.
Acts 18:21	But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus.
Acts 19:3	And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.
Acts 19:13	Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the LORD Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.
Acts 19:23	And the same time there arose no small stir about that way.
Acts 19:33	And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people.
Acts 20:2	And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece,
Acts 20:12	And they brought the young man alive, and were not a little comforted.
Acts 20:22	And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:
Acts 20:32	And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.
Acts 21:4	And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:14	And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done.
Acts 21:24	Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law.
Acts 21:34	And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult, he commanded him to be carried into the castle.
Acts 22:4	And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.
Acts 22:14	And he said, The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that Just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth.
Acts 22:24	The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.
Acts 23:4	And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God's high priest?
Acts 23:14	And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul.
Acts 23:24	And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor.
Acts 23:34	And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;
Acts 24:9	And the Jews also assented, saying that these things were so.
Acts 24:19	Who ought to have been here before thee, and object, if they had ought against me.
Acts 25:2	Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him,
Acts 25:12	Then Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto Caesar shalt thou go.
Acts 25:22	Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him.
Acts 26:5	Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, that after the most straitest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.
Acts 26:15	And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest.
Acts 26:25	But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness.
Acts 27:3	And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh himself.
Acts 27:13	And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing thence, they sailed close by Crete.
Acts 27:23	For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,
Acts 27:33	And while the day was coming on, Paul besought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing.
Acts 27:43	But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea, and get to land:
Acts 28:9	So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:
Acts 28:19	But when the Jews spake against it, I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of.
Acts 28:29	And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.
Romans 1:8	First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.
Romans 1:18	For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;
Romans 1:28	And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;
Romans 2:6	Who will render to every man according to his deeds:
Romans 2:16	In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.
Romans 2:26	Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?
Romans 3:7	For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?
Romans 3:17	And the way of peace have they not known:
Romans 3:27	Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith.
Romans 4:6	Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works,
Romans 4:16	Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all,
Romans 5:1	Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:
Romans 5:11	And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement.
Romans 5:21	That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:10	For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.
Romans 6:20	For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.
Romans 7:7	What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet.
Romans 7:17	Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Romans 8:2	For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.
Romans 8:12	Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.
Romans 8:22	For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.
Romans 8:32	He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?
Romans 9:3	For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:
Romans 9:13	As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.
Romans 9:23	And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory,
Romans 9:33	As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence: and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
Romans 10:10	For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.
Romans 10:20	But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me.
Romans 11:9	And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:
Romans 11:19	Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.
Romans 11:29	For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
Romans 12:3	For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
Romans 12:13	Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.
Romans 13:2	Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.
Romans 13:12	The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.
Romans 14:8	For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord's.
Romans 14:18	For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men.
Romans 15:5	Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:
Romans 15:15	Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,
Romans 15:25	But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints.
Romans 16:2	That ye receive her in the Lord, as becometh saints, and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she hath need of you: for she hath been a succourer of many, and of myself also.
Romans 16:12	Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord.
Romans 16:22	I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 1:5	That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;
1 Corinthians 1:15	Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name.
1 Corinthians 1:25	Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
1 Corinthians 2:4	And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:
1 Corinthians 2:14	But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.
1 Corinthians 3:8	Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour.
1 Corinthians 3:18	Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.
1 Corinthians 4:5	Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall every man have praise of God.
1 Corinthians 4:15	For though ye have ten thousand instructers in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel.
1 Corinthians 5:4	In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,
1 Corinthians 6:1	Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?
1 Corinthians 6:11	And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.
1 Corinthians 7:1	Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.
1 Corinthians 7:11	But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.
1 Corinthians 7:21	Art thou called being a servant? care not for it: but if thou mayest be made free, use it rather.
1 Corinthians 7:31	And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this world passeth away.
1 Corinthians 8:1	Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth.
1 Corinthians 8:11	And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?
1 Corinthians 9:8	Say I these things as a man? or saith not the law the same also?
1 Corinthians 9:18	What is my reward then? Verily that, when I preach the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel.
1 Corinthians 10:1	Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
1 Corinthians 10:11	Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come.
1 Corinthians 10:21	Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils.
1 Corinthians 10:31	Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.
1 Corinthians 11:8	For the man is not of the woman: but the woman of the man.
1 Corinthians 11:18	For first of all, when ye come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly believe it.
1 Corinthians 11:28	But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup.
1 Corinthians 12:4	Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.
1 Corinthians 12:14	For the body is not one member, but many.
1 Corinthians 12:24	For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked.
1 Corinthians 13:3	And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:13	And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
1 Corinthians 14:10	There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification.
1 Corinthians 14:20	Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men.
1 Corinthians 14:30	If any thing be revealed to another that sitteth by, let the first hold his peace.
1 Corinthians 14:40	Let all things be done decently and in order.
1 Corinthians 15:10	But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
1 Corinthians 15:20	But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept.
1 Corinthians 15:30	And why stand we in jeopardy every hour?
1 Corinthians 15:40	There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.
1 Corinthians 15:50	Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption.
1 Corinthians 16:2	Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.
1 Corinthians 16:12	As touching our brother Apollos, I greatly desired him to come unto you with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at this time; but he will come when he shall have convenient time.
1 Corinthians 16:22	If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha.
2 Corinthians 1:8	For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:
2 Corinthians 1:18	But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay.
2 Corinthians 2:4	For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you.
2 Corinthians 2:14	Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.
2 Corinthians 3:7	But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:
2 Corinthians 3:17	Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
2 Corinthians 4:9	Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;
2 Corinthians 5:1	For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.
2 Corinthians 5:11	Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men; but we are made manifest unto God; and I trust also are made manifest in your consciences.
2 Corinthians 5:21	For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
2 Corinthians 6:10	As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.
2 Corinthians 7:2	Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man.
2 Corinthians 7:12	Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
2 Corinthians 8:6	Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.
2 Corinthians 8:16	But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.
2 Corinthians 9:2	For I know the forwardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a year ago; and your zeal hath provoked very many.
2 Corinthians 9:12	For the administration of this service not only supplieth the want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto God;
2 Corinthians 10:7	Do ye look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to himself that he is Christ's, let him of himself think this again, that, as he is Christ's, even so are we Christ's.
2 Corinthians 10:17	But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
2 Corinthians 11:9	And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to no man: for that which was lacking to me the brethren which came from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself.
2 Corinthians 11:19	For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.
2 Corinthians 11:29	Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I burn not?
2 Corinthians 12:6	For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me.
2 Corinthians 12:16	But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile.
2 Corinthians 13:5	Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?
Galatians 1:1	Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)
Galatians 1:11	But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man.
Galatians 1:21	Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia;
Galatians 2:7	But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;
Galatians 2:17	But if, while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God forbid.
Galatians 3:6	Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.
Galatians 3:16	Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.
Galatians 3:26	For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.
Galatians 4:7	Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.
Galatians 4:17	They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them.
Galatians 4:27	For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.
Galatians 5:6	For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.
Galatians 5:16	This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.
Galatians 5:26	Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.
Galatians 6:10	As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.
Ephesians 1:2	Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 1:12	That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.
Ephesians 1:22	And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church,
Ephesians 2:9	Not of works, lest any man should boast.
Ephesians 2:19	Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;
Ephesians 3:7	Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.
Ephesians 3:17	That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,
Ephesians 4:6	One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.
Ephesians 4:16	From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.
Ephesians 4:26	Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:
Ephesians 5:4	Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.
Ephesians 5:14	Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light.
Ephesians 5:24	Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.
Ephesians 6:1	Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.
Ephesians 6:11	Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Ephesians 6:21	But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:
Philippians 1:7	Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace.
Philippians 1:17	But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel.
Philippians 1:27	Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;
Philippians 2:7	But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:
Philippians 2:17	Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.
Philippians 2:27	For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.
Philippians 3:7	But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.
Philippians 3:17	Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample.
Philippians 4:6	Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.
Philippians 4:16	For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity.
Colossians 1:3	We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you,
Colossians 1:13	Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:
Colossians 1:23	If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;
Colossians 2:4	And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.
Colossians 2:14	Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;
Colossians 3:1	If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.
Colossians 3:11	Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.
Colossians 3:21	Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.
Colossians 4:6	Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.
Colossians 4:16	And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.
1 Thessalonians 1:8	For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.
1 Thessalonians 2:8	So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because ye were dear unto us.
1 Thessalonians 2:18	Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us.
1 Thessalonians 3:8	For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord.
1 Thessalonians 4:5	Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:
1 Thessalonians 4:15	For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.
1 Thessalonians 5:7	For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night.
1 Thessalonians 5:17	Pray without ceasing.
1 Thessalonians 5:27	I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren.
2 Thessalonians 1:9	Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power;
2 Thessalonians 2:7	For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way.
2 Thessalonians 2:17	Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work.
2 Thessalonians 3:10	For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat.
1 Timothy 1:2	Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
1 Timothy 1:12	And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;
1 Timothy 2:2	For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.
1 Timothy 2:12	But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.
1 Timothy 3:7	Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.
1 Timothy 4:1	Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
1 Timothy 4:11	These things command and teach.
1 Timothy 5:5	Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day.
1 Timothy 5:15	For some are already turned aside after Satan.
1 Timothy 5:25	Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid.
1 Timothy 6:10	For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.
1 Timothy 6:20	O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:
2 Timothy 1:9	Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,
2 Timothy 2:1	Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 2:11	It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him:
2 Timothy 2:21	If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work.
2 Timothy 3:5	Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.
2 Timothy 3:15	And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 4:8	Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing.
2 Timothy 4:18	And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Titus 1:6	If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.
Titus 1:16	They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
Titus 2:10	Not purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things.
Titus 3:5	Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;
Titus 3:15	All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.
Philemon 1:10	I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:
Philemon 1:20	Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.
Hebrews 1:5	For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son?
Hebrews 2:1	Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip.
Hebrews 2:11	For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one: for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren,
Hebrews 3:3	For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house.
Hebrews 3:13	But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.
Hebrews 4:4	For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works.
Hebrews 4:14	Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.
Hebrews 5:8	Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;
Hebrews 6:4	For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost,
Hebrews 6:14	Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.
Hebrews 7:4	Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.
Hebrews 7:14	For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood.
Hebrews 7:24	But this man, because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.
Hebrews 8:6	But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.
Hebrews 9:3	And after the second veil, the tabernacle which is called the Holiest of all;
Hebrews 9:13	For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh:
Hebrews 9:23	It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.
Hebrews 10:5	Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me:
Hebrews 10:15	Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that he had said before,
Hebrews 10:25	Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.
Hebrews 10:35	Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward.
Hebrews 11:6	But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.
Hebrews 11:16	But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly: wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God: for he hath prepared for them a city.
Hebrews 11:26	Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence of the reward.
Hebrews 11:36	And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment:
Hebrews 12:6	For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.
Hebrews 12:16	Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.
Hebrews 12:26	Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he hath promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven.
Hebrews 13:7	Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation.
Hebrews 13:17	Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you.
James 1:2	My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;
James 1:12	Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.
James 1:22	But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
James 2:5	Hearken, my beloved brethren, Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him?
James 2:15	If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food,
James 2:25	Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way?
James 3:9	Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God.
James 4:1	From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?
James 4:11	Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of the law, and judgeth the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge.
James 5:4	Behold, the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth: and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth.
James 5:14	Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:
1 Peter 1:4	To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you,
1 Peter 1:14	As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:
1 Peter 1:24	For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away:
1 Peter 2:9	But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light;
1 Peter 2:19	For this is thankworthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully.
1 Peter 3:4	But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price.
1 Peter 3:14	But and if ye suffer for righteousness' sake, happy are ye: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;
1 Peter 4:2	That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God.
1 Peter 4:12	Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:
1 Peter 5:3	Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.
1 Peter 5:13	The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you, saluteth you; and so doth Marcus my son.
2 Peter 1:9	But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.
2 Peter 1:19	We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts:
2 Peter 2:8	(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)
2 Peter 2:18	For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.
2 Peter 3:6	Whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished:
2 Peter 3:16	As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction.
1 John 1:8	If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
1 John 2:8	Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shineth.
1 John 2:18	Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.
1 John 2:28	And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.
1 John 3:9	Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.
1 John 3:19	And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before him.
1 John 4:5	They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them.
1 John 4:15	Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.
1 John 5:4	For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.
1 John 5:14	And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:
2 John 1:3	Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.
2 John 1:13	The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen.
3 John 1:10	Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church.
Jude 1:6	And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.
Jude 1:16	These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage.
Revelation 1:1	The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:
Revelation 1:11	Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.
Revelation 2:1	Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks;
Revelation 2:11	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.
Revelation 2:21	And I gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she repented not.
Revelation 3:2	Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found thy works perfect before God.
Revelation 3:12	Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name.
Revelation 3:22	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Revelation 4:10	The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying,
Revelation 5:9	And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;
Revelation 6:5	And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand.
Revelation 6:15	And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;
Revelation 7:8	Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.
Revelation 8:1	And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour.
Revelation 8:11	And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.
Revelation 9:8	And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions.
Revelation 9:18	By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
Revelation 10:7	But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
Revelation 11:6	These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.
Revelation 11:16	And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God,
Revelation 12:7	And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,
Revelation 12:17	And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Revelation 13:10	He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.
Revelation 14:2	And I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of a great thunder: and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps:
Revelation 14:12	Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
Revelation 15:2	And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.
Revelation 16:4	And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.
Revelation 16:14	For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.
Revelation 17:3	So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
Revelation 17:13	These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast.
Revelation 18:5	For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities.
Revelation 18:15	The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,
Revelation 19:1	And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God:
Revelation 19:11	And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.
Revelation 19:21	And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.
Revelation 20:10	And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
Revelation 21:5	And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.
Revelation 21:15	And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.
Revelation 21:25	And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there.
Revelation 22:8	And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things.
Revelation 22:18	For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
